3180 Journal of Financial and Quantitative Analysis                                                      https://doi.org/10.1017/S0022109022000308 Published online by Cambridge University Press

are phenomena of much interest, yet of poorly understood consequences. This
article sheds novel light into an array of cross-border connections between polit-
ical uncertainty and economic activity. It does so gauging the impact of the 2016
Brexit vote on businesses located outside of the U.K.­EU geographical bound-
aries, in particular, firms domiciled in the United States. The U.S. economy serves
as a candidate to study the cross-border effects of Brexit for several reasons. First,
although EU ties are at the root of Brexit, and effects observed across European
economies may be endogenous to the referendum itself, this is plausibly not true
of the United States. Second, there exist long-standing, strong ties between the
U.S. and U.K. economies, making potential outcomes more easily measurable.2
Finally, it is uniquely informative to look at the world's largest economy to gauge
the global impact of a consequential event like Brexit.

      We begin our study on firm-level externalities of events like Brexit by estab-
lishing relevant microeconomic underpinnings. Within a real-options framework,
we first sketch out a negative relation between uncertainty and firm job creation, as
well as fixed capital investment and divestitures, as firms have a greater incentive
to "wait and see" before committing to these decisions. The framework predicts
stronger effects for firms with higher labor (capital) adjustment costs on employ-
ment (investment). Critically, we also model the impact of uncertainty on "growth
options" activities, such as R&D investing. We uniquely show how these activities
are positively affected by aggregate uncertainty. The framework we study is impor-
tant in that it provides predictions for second-moment ("uncertainty") shocks onto
a wide range of corporate decisions, notably employment and R&D, independent
of changes to first-moment expectations (e.g., "bad news").

      We derive testable predictions from the framework to examine how
"U.K.-exposed" firms in the United States (identified through market- and
textual-search-based measures) conduct decisions regarding investment, dives-
titures, employment, and R&D spending in the aftermath of the 2016 Brexit vote.
Using forward-looking financial analysts' forecast data, we find that there was no
decline in the expected profitability of U.K.-exposed firms, but an increase in
profit dispersion ­ suggesting that Brexit embedded a "second-moment" innova-
tion. We subsequently use an empirical approach that allows for Brexit potentially
having both first- and second-moment effects on U.S. firms. Our base difference-
in-differences (DID) estimates show that in the last two quarters of 2016 alone, the
investment-to-assets rates of U.K.-exposed firms fell by 0.16 percentage points
more than the investment rates of comparable non-U.K.-exposed firms. Given
that the average quarterly investment rate in 2015 was 1.1% of assets, this decline
represents a drop of 15% in baseline investment spending. U.K.-exposed firms
also reduced their divestitures by nearly 30% of the average annual rate. Consis-
tent with our theoretical framework, we also observe an increase in R&D spend-
ing by U.K.-exposed firms following the Brexit vote. Specifically, those firms
increased their R&D-to-asset ratios by 0.2 percentage points more than non-U.K.-
exposed firms in the second half of 2016, implying an increase of 7% in annual

    2The United Kingdom is the 5th top destination of U.S. exports and the 7th top U.S. import partner.
BIS data show that the U.S. banking system has its strongest links with banks from the United Kingdom,
and vice versa.
