                                     Campello, Cortes, d'Almeida, and Kankanhalli 3181                     https://doi.org/10.1017/S0022109022000308 Published online by Cambridge University Press

R&D spending. Looking at employment, our estimations show that labor force
growth declined from 3.4% in 2015 to À1.5% for U.K.-exposed firms in 2016.
That is, the Brexit vote outcome led to a slowdown in net job creation among
U.K.-exposed firms in the United States.

      We set out to characterize our findings on U.S. companies' investment and
employment decisions following the Brexit vote by identifying whether those
decisions affected their U.S.-based operations or their foreign-based operations
using establishment-level employment data. We find that investment cuts and jobs
losses took place within U.S. borders. We further examine the workforce charac-
teristics of the firms in our sample. Our tests show that workers with lower skills are
those most likely to be terminated by firms hit by U.K.-borne uncertainty. Brexit
also affected U.K.-exposed firms' establishment turnover decisions, with the open-
ing and closures of U.S. establishments falling by around 2%.

      We finally delve into an analysis of offshoring activities in our sample firms.
This analysis reveals that investment cuts are undertaken primarily by U.S. firms
with a high degree of input (rather than output) offshoring activity with the United
Kingdom. The evidence we present shows that the 2016 Brexit vote had a mean-
ingful, multifaceted impact on the U.S. labor market.

      Along the lines of our framework, we also find that the investment behavior
of U.K.-exposed firms was modulated by capital adjustment costs. Specifically,
the investment drop caused by the Brexit vote was a function of the nature of
the assets U.S. firms operated ­ it was more acute for firms in industries where
fixed capital is highly irreversible (nonredeployable). Labor adjustment costs also
seemed to modulate the extent to which U.K.-exposed firms hired and fired workers.
In particular, exposed firms in industries with higher unionization rates (where
workforce adjustments are costlier) registered a significantly lower job growth.

      Looking beyond investment and employment, we examine several auxiliary
firm policies and find that U.K.-exposed firms also saved more cash and accumu-
lated less inventory (noncash working capital (NWC)) in the aftermath of the Brexit
vote. Our estimates imply that following the vote, U.K.-exposed firms increased
their cash holdings by 12% relative to their baseline level. The results we report are
in line with literature on corporate liquidity management suggesting that, in times of
heightened volatility, firms with higher market exposure are likely to increase liquid
asset holdings for precautionary reasons (e.g., Acharya, Almeida, and Campello
(2013)).

      Throughout our analysis, we strive to account for the larger context in which
Brexit affected U.S. firms. For example, one of the immediate effects of the Brexit
vote was a 9% depreciation of the British pound relative to the U.S. dollar. Virtually,
all firms in our sample report using derivatives to hedge against foreign exchange
(FX) risk.3 Nonetheless, we control for possible heterogeneous effects of the pound
depreciation on U.K.-exposed firms in several ways. Our results are robust to the
inclusion of FX exposure metrics, suggesting that the 2016 Brexit vote entailed an
unhedgeable source of economic uncertainty to American corporations, beyond
hedgeable fluctuations in FX markets.

    3Note that since both our treatment and control groups comprise firms domiciled in the United States,
any homogeneous effects of the pound depreciation on U.S. firms are differenced out in our estimations.
