3182 Journal of Financial and Quantitative Analysis                                                     https://doi.org/10.1017/S0022109022000308 Published online by Cambridge University Press

      Our results are also robust to several alternative testing strategies, including
alternative firm-level measurements of exposure to U.K. uncertainty, sampling
periods, estimation methodologies, and falsification checks. For example, DID
analyses featuring the exclusion of Trump's election or focusing on the election
of David Cameron suggest that the increase in uncertainty brought about by the
Brexit vote is the reason behind the documented behavior of U.K.-exposed
American firms around June 2016. We also find no change in investment by U.S.
firms exposed to major trading partners (such as China, Mexico, Japan, India, and
Brazil) that did not witness significant increases in uncertainty at the same time
of the 2016 vote. Our results also continue to hold when we use nonparametric
propensity score matching estimations. In additional robustness checks, we con-
sider whether tightening financing constraints for U.K.-exposed firms in the wake
of the Brexit vote played a role in explaining the effects we observe. We utilize a
number of metrics that speak to firms' ability to raise funding following the Brexit
vote and reestimate our models with their inclusion. We also consider whether a
concurrent adoption of automation technologies by U.K.-exposed firms may
explain the simultaneous drops in capital investment and hiring, and increases
in R&D expenditures. We rely upon novel geographic- and text-based proxies of
firms' exposures to automatization, and show that our findings continue to obtain
controlling for their presence.

      Our study builds upon a growing literature on the effects of political uncer-
tainty. Macroeconomic studies on uncertainty and real activity include recent
contributions by Bloom (2009) and Bloom, Floetotto, Jaimovich, Saporta-Eksten,
and Terry (2018). Work on the effect of uncertainty on corporate investment and
bank lending include Julio and Yook (2012), Gulen and Ion (2016), and Berg,
Saunders, Schäfer, and Steffen (2019). Our article advances the existing knowledge
on several fronts, but particularly as we focus on the international transmission of
uncertainty, rather than on its domestic effects. The literature is particularly silent on
the international transmission of uncertainty at the firm level, which limits our
knowledge on how domestic firms respond to foreign-born uncertainty events and
which mechanisms aggravate these responses.4 On that dimension, our article sheds
light on the micro-level mechanisms that led U.S. firms to cut American jobs and
investment in response to a political event overseas. This, while being prompted to
seek innovation. Through our analysis, we uncover the importance of U.S. firms'
input exposures, which drive the bulk of corporate investment cuts following
Brexit. Our establishment-level employment data are further informative about
how job destruction and establishment turnover operated inside U.S. borders in

    4Studies on international spillover effects of policy uncertainty have focused on aggregate, time-
series evidence (e.g., Klössner and Sekkel (2014), Bernal, Gnabo, and Guilmin (2016)). Recently,
Hassan, Hollander, van Lent, and Tahoun (2020) study the international effects of Brexit relying
exclusively on firms' "conference calls" to gauge their exposure to Brexit. In contrast, our textual
analysis of mandatory 10-K filings is complemented by a market-based approach in order to compre-
hensively gauge a firm's exposure to events in the United Kingdom. We choose not to rely on conference
calls in light of ample evidence on severe problems with the information content of such calls (see
Hollander, Pronk, and Roelofsen (2010), Matsumoto, Pronk, and Roelofsen (2011), and Bushee, Jung,
and Miller (2011)).
