3186 Journal of Financial and Quantitative Analysis                                                        https://doi.org/10.1017/S0022109022000308 Published online by Cambridge University Press

approximation, this matches the reality of several types of R&D projects, including
the "race to patent" a certain idea or bring a new technology to the market. Second,
the firm is able to stage its investment in the projects. If the firm wishes to buy the
option to invest in m projects, it pays an upfront cost of m, which is convex in the
size of its R&D portfolio (i.e.,  > 1). In addition, it must pay a development cost dt
for each period in which the project remains alive. That is, in order to earn t ¼ 1
revenue ui1, it must pay d1; similarly, in order to earn t ¼ 2 revenue ui2, it must pay
d2. However, at t ¼ 1, the firm observes the first-stage revenue, ui1, which serves as
a signal of the second-stage revenue of the project.7 Based on this signal, the firm
may choose either to abandon the project at the end of t ¼ 1, or invest and take it to
completion at t ¼ 2. In the former case, it does not receive any revenue from the
project at t ¼ 2; that is, ui2 ¼ 0. On the other hand, if, at the end of t ¼ 1, it chooses to
continue the project, then it must pay the second period development cost, d2, to
receive ui2. This, too, matches the reality of certain types of R&D projects (e.g.,
pharmaceutical trials and corporate venture capital funds), in which decisions are
made in stages, and the firm does not need to precommit to follow through on all
stages at once. Notably, the joint absence of i) the option to delay and ii) irreversible,
fixed costs generates a positive effect of uncertainty on R&D investment.8

      Finally, the firm can choose at time t ¼ 0 or t ¼ 1 to disinvest (sell) any of its
existing endowment of projects, w. If the firm sells a project at time t, it must pay
a scrapping cost w, but receives the cash flow from disinvestment of sit. Else, for
each period t that the project remains alive, the firm earns a known xit (e.g., rent
accruing from a real-estate holding). The process of disinvesting a project is
irreversible, and as with capital investment, this irreversibility induces a negative
effect of uncertainty on disinvestment.

B. Model Analysis and Results

      In what follows, we present analysis and results corresponding to the firm's
standard investment problem and R&D decision.9

1. Capital and Labor Investment Decisions

      In solving the firm's capital investment problem, we first consider its decision
at t ¼ 1. If the firm had initiated any projects at t ¼ 0, it obtains the second period
revenue vi2 per project. Among those projects that were not undertaken at t ¼ 0, the
firm can choose to initiate any of them at t ¼ 1 and earn vi2 À ð þ Þn per project.
Else, it can discard any uninvested projects and earn 0. The firm will rationally
discard a given project, en, when its expected revenue is less than the associated
costs of investment and hiring. The firm will cease operations at the end of t ¼ 2,

    7As noted in Section III.A.1, the revenues at the first and second stages both have a common
component, driven by i, and an idiosyncratic, mean-zero, IID component. As a result, the first-stage
revenue is a noisy but unbiased signal of the second-stage revenue.

    8This modeling is consistent with theories showing a positive effect of uncertainty on growth-
options-type investment (see, e.g., Bar-Ilan and Strange (1996), (1998), Grossman and Shapiro
(1986), and Kulatilaka and Perotti (1998)).

    9In Appendix A, we model the firm's decision to disinvest and derive results on the cross-sectional
implications of the role played by the degree of input irreversibility. Proofs of propositions and lemmas
are in Appendix B.
