                 Campello, Cortes, d'Almeida, and Kankanhalli 3189                        https://doi.org/10.1017/S0022109022000308 Published online by Cambridge University Press

Proposition 2. Increased uncertainty leads to greater R&D investment at t ¼ 0. For

r0 > r, namely when GðÁ, r0Þ is obtained by an MPS of GðÁ, rÞ, mðr0Þ > mðrÞ. That
     dm
is,   dr  >  0.

      Proposition 2 states that an increase in uncertainty increases the set of R&D-
type projects that the firm is willing to undertake, given that the potential upside has
increased and the downside is capped by the ability to abandon a project upon
observing an interim signal as to its future profitability, and avoid paying part of the
investment costs. This is in contrast to capital investment, whose initial costs, once
paid, are largely lost.

      It is worth concluding our theoretical analysis with a discussion contrasting
"uncertainty" about future cash flows and "expectations" about future cash flows.
A decline in expected cash flows produces similar implications in terms of a decline
in capital investment and employment. Notably, however, a decline in expected
cash flows provides contrasting implications in terms of an increase in disinvest-
ment and a decline in R&D, counter to the effects of increased uncertainty on these
decisions predicted by our framework.

C. Testable Predictions

      Our framework implies that an increase in aggregate uncertainty reduces firm
investments in standard-type projects, and that the effect is modulated by the
degree of exposure to uncertainty, i. In the context of the impact of U.K.-born
uncertainty onto U.S.-based firms, we state our first testable prediction.

Prediction 1. American firms with a higher exposure to U.K. uncertainty (high
U.K.-exposure firms) will disproportionately reduce their investment in capital and
labor in response to the Brexit vote.

      Our analysis also indicates that an increase in aggregate uncertainty triggers
firm investment in R&D-type projects through a growth-options channel, and the
effect is modulated by the degree of exposure to uncertainty, i. Translating this to
our test setting, we state our second testable prediction.

Prediction 2. American firms with a higher exposure to U.K. uncertainty (high
U.K.-exposure firms) will disproportionately increase their investment in R&D in
response to the Brexit vote.

      The theoretical framework further implies that an increase in aggregate
uncertainty reduces firm capital disinvestment, and the effect is modulated by
the degree of firm-level exposure to uncertainty. This translates into our third
testable prediction.

Prediction 3. American firms with a higher exposure to U.K. uncertainty (high
U.K.-exposure firms) will disproportionately reduce their disinvestment in fixed
capital in response to the Brexit vote.
