3190 Journal of Financial and Quantitative Analysis                                                          https://doi.org/10.1017/S0022109022000308 Published online by Cambridge University Press

      Finally, the negative relationship between uncertainty and investment is
affected by fixed costs FiK and FiL, which capture the degree of irreversibility of
capital and labor, respectively. It implies that higher input adjustment costs in each
factor modulates the effect of uncertainty in investment in that input. This gives rise
to our fourth and fifth testable predictions.

Prediction 4. American firms with a higher exposure to U.K. uncertainty (high
U.K.-exposure firms) facing higher capital adjustment costs will reduce their capital
investment more pronouncedly in response to the Brexit vote.

Prediction 5. American firms with a higher exposure to U.K. uncertainty (high
U.K.-exposure firms) facing higher labor adjustment costs will reduce their hiring
more pronouncedly in response to the Brexit vote.

      In the next section, we translate the above predictions into their empirical
counterparts, describe our data, and lay out associated test strategies.

IV. Data and Methodology

A. Empirical Counterparts

      The implementation of our tests calls for identifying empirical counterparts to

the constructs of our theoretical framework. We first introduce an empirical coun-
terpart to the sensitivity parameter i, which captures individual firms' responses
to changes in aggregate uncertainty. We adopt two approaches. The first follows
the framework very closely, yielding an empirical proxy for i that is derived from
the capital markets. The second is based on expectations of corporate decision-
makers regarding uncertainty, taken from firms' disclosures to market investors.11
After defining empirical counterparts for i, we present measures of capital and
labor irreversibility, corresponding to  and , respectively.

1. Theoretical Framework-Based Measure of Uncertainty

      In the context of our study, the increase in aggregate uncertainty, V t, comes
from the rise in uncertainty associated with the Brexit vote. Accordingly, we take
variances on both sides of equation (1) (alternatively, equation (2)) to capture the
notion of uncertainty in the MPS framework:

(11)  varðvitÞ ¼ 2i varðV tÞ þ 2:

    11We also consider firm sales to the United Kingdom from accounting data sources like
COMPUSTAT's Segment Files. However, careful examination of 10-K forms shows that such data
are often incomplete and inconsistently tabulated. Aggravating this problem, sales that take place in the
United Kingdom are known to be invoiced in other countries (such as Ireland) for tax purposes. As such,
our main analyses rely on information from other sources. In Section V.B.2, however, we resort to an
alternative textual-search-based analysis that goes beyond financial statements contained in 10-K forms
in identifying exposure to the United Kingdom (cf. Hoberg and Moon (2017)). That approach allows us
to identify offshoring activities, as reported by firms in the text of their disclosures (information often
missing from their tabulated financial statements).
