      Campello, Cortes, d'Almeida, and Kankanhalli 3191                                                           https://doi.org/10.1017/S0022109022000308 Published online by Cambridge University Press

      We can employ a regression-like approach to operationalize an empirical

counterpart to i. Specifically, taking square roots of both sides of equation (11),
we obtain

      pffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffi
(12)  volðvitÞivolðV tÞ þ  À 2 Â ivolðV tÞ Â :

      Following Bloom (2014), we use stock market volatility as a gauge of aggre-
gate uncertainty and estimate equation (12) for each firm i as12

(13)  volðritÞ ¼ i þ Ui K volðFTSE100tÞ þ CONTROLSt þ it:

      Equation (13) uses the volatility of equity returns, volðritÞ, as a proxy for firm
income volatility, volðvitÞ. It also uses the volatility of the FTSE100 Index as a

proxy for uncertainty in the U.K. (the relevant source of aggregate uncertainty in

our setting). We include control variables, CONTROLSt, consisting of volðSP500Þ
and vol(FX$£) into equation (13) to absorb effects arising through firms' exposure

to the domestic U.S. market and exchange rate fluctuations between the U.S. dollar
and the British pound. For each firm, we take the estimated value of iUK from
regression (13) as the empirical counterpart to i in our framework.13

2. Textual-Search-Based Measure of Uncertainty

      As an alternative measure of U.S. firms' exposure to Brexit-induced
uncertainty, we develop a textual-search-based metric that is constructed by
parsing firms' 2015 10-K filings. In particular, we look for the number of entries
of keywords related to uncertainty about Brexit ("Brexit," "Great Britain," and
"Uncertainty") in firms' disclosures, classifying firms with a "high" number of
entries as HIGH_UK_EXPOSURE firms, and those with zero entries as control
firms.14 Notably, the vast majority of firms file their 10-Ks with the SEC between
March and June of each year. By computing these wordcounts from firms' 10-K
disclosures (before the actual vote takes place, yet after the referendum is
announced), we build a measure of exposure to the United Kingdom based on
what firms consider relevant to communicate to their investors on the eve of the
2016 Brexit vote.

      Textual analysis reveals that most firms cite concerns about Brexit a half dozen
times or more in their 10-Ks, or not at all. As such, we arbitrarily set a cutoff for high

    12Bloom (2014) shows that stock market volatility exhibits a high degree of commonality with other
observed proxies for uncertainty including those derived from bond markets, exchange rates, and GDP
forecasts.

    13The last term in equation (12) is subsumed by the idiosyncratic volatility term, it, in equation (13).
We note that the volatility of equity returns may be an imperfect proxy for the volatility of firm income as
returns are driven by news on both cash flows and discount rates (Campbell and Shiller (1988)).
Following Vuolteenaho (2002), we also decompose the volatility of each firm's returns into cash flow
and discount rate components and reestimate equation (13) with the cash flow component (only) as the
dependent variable, obtaining an alternative uncertainty measure, iU,CKF . The estimates for Ui K and Ui,CKF
have a rank correlation of 0.8, and there is an 86% overlap in the set of firms at the top tercile of both iUK
and iU,CKF . As shown in Table C6, our inferences are unchanged whether using iUK or Ui,CKF to conduct
our tests.

    14Entries like "Referendum," "Uncertain," "United Kingdom," "UK," "U.K.," and "G.B." are
subsumed by the above wording.
