3192 Journal of Financial and Quantitative Analysis                                                         https://doi.org/10.1017/S0022109022000308 Published online by Cambridge University Press

Brexit cites at more than 5 entries. There are 807 firms citing Brexit more than
5 times in their 10-Ks. On the other hand, 433 do not cite any Brexit-related terms in
their public filings. Although the heuristic cutoff we consider is naturally arbitrary,
our results are robust to many sensible alternative choices.

3. Capital and Labor Irreversibility Measures

      Our predicted uncertainty­investment relationships are modulated by fixed
costs FiK, which capture the degree of irreversibility of capital. To empirically
measure capital irreversibility, we use an index of capital redeployability proposed
by Kim and Kung (2016). That index classifies fixed capital liquidity in terms of
salability of assets in secondary markets. The premise is that when a firm operates
assets that are used across several industries, there are more potential buyers should
the firm decide to revert investment decisions by selling off its assets. The same is
not true for a firm that operates highly specialized assets. Higher values of the asset
redeployability index are associated with a lower degree of capital irreversibility,
corresponding to a lower value of FiK in our framework.

      Our next task is to find an empirical proxy for the irreversibility of labor, FiL.
We resort to the use of worker unionization as an empirical proxy for frictions in
labor input. We do so as ample research highlights the difficulties faced by firms
with unionized employees in adjusting their workforce in response to changes in
aggregate conditions (see, among others, Bloom (2009)). In using this strategy, we
measure the percentage of total employees who are unionized at the 4-digit SIC
level using data from the Bureau of Economic Analysis. We expect firms with a
greater share of unionized workers to have lower labor flexibility and incur greater
costs in adjusting the size of their workforce.

B. Data Sources and Sample Construction

      We use COMPUSTAT Quarterly to gather basic information on firm invest-
ment and financial data. We consider U.S. companies from the first calendar quarter
of 2010 to the fourth quarter of 2016. We drop utility and financial firms, as well as
companies whose market value or book assets are lower than $10 million. The
sample used in our baseline investment tests consists of 41,630 observations (firm-
quarters).15 For additional analysis on firms' investment in the United States, we
obtain subsidiary-level investment data from the Bureau van Dijk's Orbis data set
(see Cravino and Levchenko (2016)). We use Orbis's company search tool to match
parent firms in our COMPUSTAT sample to ultimate owner firms in Orbis. By
doing so, we obtain separate information on their U.S.-based and U.K.-based
subsidiaries. The Orbis sample we use consists of 6,203 observations (firm-years).

      Firm-level employment data are taken from COMPUSTAT's Annual Fun-
damentals. We measure employment growth based on the change in the number
of employees of the firm. Our employment sample consists of 11,345 observa-
tions (firm-years).16 We rely on the Your-Economy Time-Series (YTS) database,
maintained by the Business Dynamics Research Consortium at the University

    15For details of the sample selection filters, see Table C1 in the Supplementary Material.
    16The same filters described in Table C1 in the Supplementary Material are also applied to obtain this
sample.
