                       Campello, Cortes, d'Almeida, and Kankanhalli 3193                                    https://doi.org/10.1017/S0022109022000308 Published online by Cambridge University Press

of Wisconsin, for information on U.S.-based employment. The YTS database is
compiled from historical business files from Infogroup and are linked longitu-
dinally to track establishment location, employment, and sales information at
the establishment-year level for public and private firms in the United States. We
match our sample firms (both parents and their U.S. subsidiaries) to YTS primar-
ily using tickers, and augment this match through manual searches by firm name.
The firms in our sample collectively operated 757,083 unique establishments, and
this results in 1,809,301 establishment-year observations over the 2010≠2016
period. We aggregate YTS employment growth at the firm level, giving a final
U.S. establishment-level employment growth sample of 11,345 firm-years.

      We use CRSP stock price data and Bloomberg equity index and currency data
to compute our theoretical framework-based measure of firm exposure to the United
Kingdom (see equation (13)). We use monthly data from 2010:M1 to 2014:M12 so
that exposure to the United Kingdom is measured before any major Brexit-related
events. Analyst forecast data are obtained from I/B/E/S. Data on bond yields are
from TRACE and SDC, whereas syndicated loan spreads are drawn from WRDS≠
Reuters DealScan. Macroeconomic variables are taken from the Federal Reserve
Bank of St. Louis' FRED database.

C. Test Strategy and Empirical Specification

1. Identification

We use a standard DID approach to assess the impact of the 2016 Brexit vote

on American firms. Following our framework, in our base analysis, we characterize

firms as treated (control) units if they are in the upper (bottom) tercile of the

nonnegative range of the iUK distribution. For group contrasting, we do not

include firms that benefit from uncertainty in the United Kingdom in the control

group (firms with Ui K < 0) as this could lead to overestimation biases attached to

the treatment effects we seek to identify. Nevertheless, in specifications where we

use Ui K as a continuous treatment variable, we relax this restriction and include
all values of Ui K.17
are assigned to the    Utrenadteerdthciastemgaorrkyet¿-biUaKse>d  appr¡oach, a total of 449  unique  firms
                                                                  0:68 . In contrast, 360    unique  firms

are assigned to the control category (iUK < 0:28). We also consider an alternative,

text-based measure of exposure to Brexit. Under this approach, 807 firms are

assigned to the treated category (2015 10-K mentions of Brexit terms > 5).

A total of 433 firms in the control category have no mentions of Brexit-related

terms in their 10-Ks.

2. Timeline

      Once firms are identified as exposed and nonexposed, we need to set the time
frame of our DID analysis. We make this determination by mapping key events
of our institutional setting into market-based measures of perceived uncertainty.
In Figure 3, we plot three point-in-time snapshots of the term structure of implied

    17In unreported tests, we only label those firms with statistically significant positive iUK estimates
as treated firms, and those with iUK statistically indistinguishable from 0 as controls. We find that our
results hold across a range of sensible treatment assignment thresholds.
