                                     Campello, Cortes, d'Almeida, and Kankanhalli 3197                    https://doi.org/10.1017/S0022109022000308 Published online by Cambridge University Press

      CONTROLSi,t¿1 is a vector of macroeconomic and firm-level control vari-
ables. Macro controls include the lagged U.S. dollar/British pound FX rate, the
lagged VIX implied volatility index, the lagged mean GDP growth 1-year-ahead
forecast from the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia's Livingstone Survey, the
lagged Consumer Sentiment Index from the University of Michigan, and the lagged
Leading Economic Indicator from the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia.
Firm-level controls include lagged stock returns, Tobin's Q, cash flow, logged
assets, and sales growth. As an additional control for first-moment effects of Brexit,
we add 1-quarter-ahead consensus earnings forecasts to our model. FIRMi repre-
sents firm-fixed effects, INDUSTRYj is a dummy for each industry category j of
the Hoberg and Phillips (2016) classification (FIC 100),21 and QUARTERt are
calendar-quarter dummies. Standard errors are double-clustered by firm and cal-
endar quarters.

D. Descriptive Statistics

      Table 1 presents our sample summary statistics. Firm-level accounting vari-
ables are normalized by lagged total assets. We begin with Panel A presenting the
statistics for the universe of COMPUSTAT firms in the pre-Brexit sample period
(2010:Q1≠2015:Q4). Using our baseline market-based Ui K criterion, Panel B
summarizes the data for treated firms as defined by Ui K (those in the top tercile
of iUK), whereas Panel C reports statistics for control firms as defined by iUK
(bottom tercile of Ui K). Panels D and E report summary statistics for treatment and
control firms, respectively, as defined by mentions of Brexit-related words in firms'
10-K filings (our text-based approach).

      The reported statistics show that our sample firms do not display salient
discrepancies relative to the universe of COMPUSTAT firms. Comparisons across
subsamples suggest that treated and control firms (as defined by iUK) differ across a
few characteristics: firms in the treatment group are smaller as measured by total
assets and invest more than control firms. However, firms in the treated group as
defined by 10-K mentions of Brexit-related words are, if anything, larger than those
in the control group, although their investment appears to be similar. Treatment
and control firms share similarities on a number of dimensions across both assign-
ment schemes we use. They display economically similar R&D expenditures, cash
holdings, Tobin's Q, and employment growth. To ensure that differences in firm
characteristics do not drive our results, we redo all of our tests on propensity score
matched samples in which firm-level characteristics are balanced before any esti-
mations are conducted. Table C2 in the Supplementary Material displays the
summary statistics of the matched samples. Table C3 in the Supplementary Material
reports the results of our main estimations on these matched samples. To further
verify that treated and control firms are not fundamentally different, we examine the
validity of the parallel trends assumption. Visual evidence for that assumption

    21These industries are formed by grouping firms with textually similar product descriptions in their
10-Ks. Hoberg and Phillips (2016) show that the resulting industry classification is more granular and
captures the locus of product-market competitors of a given firm better than the standard SIC or NAICS
industry schemes.
