                                     Campello, Cortes, d'Almeida, and Kankanhalli 3201      https://doi.org/10.1017/S0022109022000308 Published online by Cambridge University Press

      The impact of the Brexit vote on corporate employment is also reported in
Table 1. Using the specifications previously adopted, columns 4­6 display negative
and significant DID coefficients for employment growth. The estimated coeffi-
cients imply a drop of between 2.6 and 4.9 percentage points. Given that pre-Brexit
(2015) sample average employment growth was 3.4%, our results suggest that the
Brexit vote contributed to a measurable slowdown in net job creation in some
segments of the U.S. economy, with the upper bound estimate pointing to a reduction
in employment for U.K.-exposed firms. This is a notable finding given the steady
growth in employment observed across the United States since 2010, particularly
during 2016.

      Next, we study the effects of the Brexit vote on U.K.-exposed firms' innovation
policies. Columns 1­3 of Table 2 show that, for all specifications of U.K. exposure,
there is a positive and highly significant response of R&D spending to Brexit. This
result is consistent with the growth-options channel discussed in our theoretical
framework. The results for R&D are also economically significant, reaching an
increase of 0.24 percentage points relative to the pre-Brexit average of 3.2% of assets.

      Finally, we look into the effects of the Brexit vote on U.K.-exposed firms'
disinvestment (the sales of plant, property, and equipment scaled by lagged total assets).
Columns 4­6 of Table 2 suggest that Brexit led to substantial reductions in divestitures
for U.K.-exposed firms. The magnitudes here are notable, with a decline of up to 0.03
percentage points, representing 33% of the average divestiture rate of the pre-Brexit
period. Confirming the predictions of our framework, Brexit-induced uncertainty led to
a reduction in both capital investment and disinvestment by affected U.S. firms.

B. Result Characterization

1. Tracing Investment and Labor Cuts

      Since we are looking at multinational firms, it is important that we identify
whether investment and job reductions occur within U.S. borders or stem from
cuts in foreign operations. In this section, we first investigate whether investment
cuts observed among American firms exposed to the United Kingdom affected
operations that take place in the United States. We then look at the location of
jobs affected by the Brexit vote. We also study the types of U.S. jobs and workers
affected by the 2016 British vote.

a. Location of Investment Cuts
      We determine the location of investment cuts using data from Orbis. With

these data, we are able to conduct our baseline analysis on investment looking
squarely at U.S.-based operations of companies domiciled in the United States. The
total number of U.S.-based subsidiaries in our sample is 51,750. For each parent
firm, in each year, we compute their U.S.-based investment by summing fixed capital
spending across their U.S. subsidiaries. We then repeat the analysis of Table 2 using
U.S.-based investment as the dependent variable. Results in columns 1 and 2
of Table 3 indicate that U.K.-exposed American firms cut investment in their
U.S.-located subsidiaries in response to the Brexit vote. The magnitudes of the
investment cuts are larger than those reported in Table 2 (annualized), implying
