                                     Campello, Cortes, d'Almeida, and Kankanhalli 3205                   https://doi.org/10.1017/S0022109022000308 Published online by Cambridge University Press

into five categories where scores of 1 (5) correspond to the lowest (highest) skilled
occupations, based on the extent of education, experience, and training required to
perform each occupation. An industry's LSI is computed as the weighted average
O*NET classification across all occupations in that industry, where the weights
correspond to the fraction of workers engaged in each occupation.

      Columns 5­8 of Table 5 report results on the effect of the Brexit vote on
employment growth in subsamples of firms partitioned into two groups based on
the 2015 (pre-Brexit) LSI. Firms in the Low Skills subsample are in industries which
fall within the lowest tercile of LSI, and firms in the High Skills subsample are in
industries which fall within the highest tercile of LSI. The results in columns 5 and
6 show that U.K.-exposed American firms in Low Skill industries (including food,
chemical, and primary metal manufacturing, mining, and clothing retail) cut their
employment substantially more (relative to control firms). Conversely, the esti-
mates in columns 7 and 8 indicate that firms in High Skill industries (computer and
electronic product manufacturing, telecommunications and information services,
and professional, technical, and scientific services) show no statistically significant
effect.

2. Input Versus Output Channels

      We next study whether the effect of U.K.-based uncertainty on U.S. corporate
investment was driven by firms that were importers from the United Kingdom or
exporters to the United Kingdom. We do this using the index of firms' offshoring
activities developed by Hoberg and Moon (2017). This index, derived from firms'
10-K filings, counts mentions of words related to the purchase of inputs ("Input")
and sale of outputs ("Output") from each country a firm does business with within a
year. For each sample firm, we compute the sum of the Input and Output indices
associated with the United Kingdom over the 2010­2014 period (similar to our iUK
estimation window). We consider each of the Input and Output indices separately,
as well as combined (Total). We define as highly U.K.-offshoring-exposed firms
those with a value of greater than 5 on a given offshoring index.25 Control firms are
those with scores of 0 on the same index.

      The first two columns of Table 6 report our baseline results on the effects of
the Brexit vote on investment for ease of comparison, whereas the next 3 columns
report analogous results for treatment schemes based on offshoring activities to the
United Kingdom. The estimate in column 3 indicates that U.S. firms with a high
degree of total offshoring activity with the United Kingdom significantly cut their
investment relative to U.S. firms with no U.K. offshoring. The magnitude of this
effect is remarkably similar to those of our base tests. In columns 4 and 5, we
consider Input and Output indices separately. This more detailed analysis is impor-
tant in revealing that the aggregate cut in investment that we identified was driven
by firms with high Input exposure to the United Kingdom. A closer examination
of disclosure data reveals that these firms have more operations in the United

    25Although this threshold is arbitrary and meant to follow our previous approach to textual-search-
based measurement of exposure to the United Kingdom, our findings are robust to alternative choices.
The sample sizes in columns 3­5 are enlarged due to greater coverage of the Hoberg and Moon (2017)
offshoring data. We confirm that the findings hold in the subsample comprising the intersection of our
baseline sample (in columns 1 and 2) with the Hoberg and Moon (2017) offshoring data.
