                Campello, Cortes, d'Almeida, and Kankanhalli 3209                                                               https://doi.org/10.1017/S0022109022000308 Published online by Cambridge University Press

VI. Robustness

A. Foreign Exchange Exposure

The Brexit vote was followed by a depreciation of the British pound (9%

relative to the U.S. dollar). To the extent that our treatment assignment schemes may

be correlated with firms' exposures to U.S. dollar/British pound (henceforth, USD­

GBP) fluctuations, our results could reflect U.K.-exposed firms' heterogeneous

responses to the British pound depreciation (affecting first-moment expectations)

rather than to uncertainty generated by the Brexit vote (second-moment expecta-

tions). In what follows, we account for this possibility by controlling for firms'

exposures to FX rate fluctuations in the value of the British pound.

First, we estimate a dynamic analogue of equation (13), firm by firm, over our

testing period.27 Instead of regressing the volatility of firm equity returns on the

volatilities of U.S. and U.K. equity index returns and the volatility of changes in the

USD­GBP FX rate, we regress the levels of firms' equity returns on the levels of

U.S. and U.K. equity index returns and USD­GBP FX rate changes. This specifi-

cation aims at capturing the first-moment exposures of firms to movements in the

FpoXu£n,dn. aWmeeilnycluiF,dtXe£a, swahnicahddciatipotnuarel scothnetrotilmeaec-vhafriyrmin'gs  end-of-quarter coefficient on
                                                                                                sensitivity of firm i's equity

returns to changes in the British pound. Second, we include in our estimations the

Alfaro et al. (2018) firm-level instruments for first- and second-moment shocks to

the USD­GBP rate. Our final two controls are based on firm disclosures of hedging

activities. Following Campello, Lin, Ma, and Zou (2011), we search for mentions of

keywords that are meant to capture FX hedging activity in 10-K disclosures. We

include as additional controls a dummy variable for whether a firm engaged in FX

hedging activity in the prior year, and the intensity of hedging in the prior year as

measured by the number of keywords mentioned.

Results in Table 9 indicate that our inferences on firm responses to the

Brexit vote continue to hold even in the presence of various controls for their

possible heterogeneous exposures to the depreciation of the British pound.

Results in columns 1 and 2, for instance, show estimated DID coefficients of

between À0.08 and À0.17, which are virtually identical to those in columns 2

and 3 of Table 2. The results suggest that the observed investment cuts are

unlikely to be confounded by firms reacting to changes in first-moment expec-

tations arising from the British pound depreciation that followed the Brexit vote.

B. Financing Costs

      We next investigate whether any of the effects we observe may be ascribed to
U.K.-exposed firms experiencing higher financing costs as a result of heightened
uncertainty induced by the Brexit vote. Prior research has shown that periods of
higher uncertainty are associated with increased credit spreads, which may lead
firms to curtail investment (Gilchrist, Sim, and Zakrajsek (2014)). We accommo-
date for this channel in our analysis by accounting for several proxies of firms'

    27Specifically, we perform our estimation using monthly returns data, with 24-month rolling win-
dows, over the period from 2010:M1 to 2016:M12.
