                                     Campello, Cortes, d'Almeida, and Kankanhalli 3211                  https://doi.org/10.1017/S0022109022000308 Published online by Cambridge University Press

ability to raise financing in the debt and equity markets following the Brexit vote. In
particular, we reestimate the analysis of Table 2 controlling for yields on existing
bonds (obtained from TRACE), yields on new bond issues (from SDC), markups on
new syndicated loans (from DealScan), and for the discount rate news component
of returns (from the decomposition of returns news into cash flow news and
discount rate news components as in Vuolteenaho (2002)).

      Results in Table 10 indicate that our findings continue to obtain when
accounting for possible tightening of firms' financing costs. For instance, results
in columns 1 and 2 produce DID coefficients ranging between À0.07 and À0.17,
which closely resemble those in columns 2 and 3 of Table 2. Our evidence
suggests that observed investment cuts are driven primarily by the real-options
channel, and are not subsumed by firms' financing costs.

C. Exposure to Automation Technology

      An alternative channel that could explain our investment, employment, and
R&D results is firms' concurrent adoption of automation technologies. Firms
implementing a more automated production process may experience higher inno-
vation spending related to building technologies that replace employees and reduce
the dependence on fixed assets. We test for this channel using two different
approaches. First, borrowing from Acemoglu and Restrepo (2020), we adopt a
geographic perspective on the exposure to automation. Those authors rely on data
compiled by Leigh and Kraft (2018), who scrape the web to obtain the location and
employment of robot integrators (companies that install, program, and maintain
robots). Using these novel data, Acemoglu and Restrepo (2020) construct estimates
of robot integrator activity in all commuting zones (CZs) of the continental United
States.28 We define our first, geography-based variable capturing firms' exposure to
automation technologies, AUTOMATIONfiCZg, by matching each firm i in our
sample to a CZ (based on the firm's headquarters location).

      Second, going beyond geographical exposure, we construct a more granular,
firm-level measure of exposure to automation borrowing from the textual analysis
literature in corporate finance (e.g., Loughran and McDonald (2011)).29 We define
AUTOMATIONi as a continuous variable that measures how frequently the top
100 automation keywords appear in each firm's business description (10-K
Section 1) and management discussion (10-K Section 7). To capture cases in which
a firm discusses automation efforts in only 1 year, we average the word count across
the pre-Brexit years in our sample (2010­2015).

    28For a map of the CZ-level exposure measure, see Panel A of Figure 4 in Acemoglu and Restrepo
(2020).

    29To do so, we define a dictionary of keywords that capture automation at the firm level. We first
gather the syllabuses of many courses on "Industrial Automation and Integration" taught at top
engineering schools. We then read each syllabus to identify the most frequently adopted textbook.
This analysis points to Benhabib's (2003) "Manufacturing: Design, Production, Automation, and
Integration" as one of the most commonly required textbooks. We parse the full text content of the
textbook for the 100 most distinctive keywords related to automation (based on the TextRank algorithm;
see Mihalcea and Tarau (2004)) and use them as a dictionary for parsing firms' 10-Ks. In Appendix E in
the Supplementary Material, we list the keywords used, detail the construction of the firm-level
automation exposure variable, and plot its distribution.
