                                     Campello, Cortes, d'Almeida, and Kankanhalli 3213                   https://doi.org/10.1017/S0022109022000308 Published online by Cambridge University Press

      Table 11 shows our baseline DID specifications augmented with both controls
for exposure to automation. Our coefficients of interest remain statistically signif-
icant, suggesting that our results are robust to accounting for the automation
technology channel.30

D. Accounting for Trump's Election

      One could be concerned about confounding uncertainty effects associated
with the election of President Donald Trump in the United States. We address this
issue in two different ways. First, we consider an alternative event window that
excludes 2016:Q4 from our treatment evaluation period. This narrower time win-
dow helps mitigate concerns that forward-looking behavior of firms regarding
Trump's election in the United States could influence our results (Trump's victory
was an unlikely event as of 2016:Q3). Accordingly, we compare the third quarter of
2016 with the same quarter of 2015. As shown in columns 1 and 2 of Table 12,
results are similar to our baseline estimates in Table 2. The patterns we report are
consistent with relatively short-lived, "drop-and-rebound" effects of uncertainty.

      Second, we look at the recent literature on the effect of Trump's election on
U.S. firms. Wagner, Zeckhauser, and Ziegler (2018) detail a methodology identifying
what the authors label as "winners" and "losers" from that election. We use their
method, which is based on 10-day cumulative capital asset pricing model (CAPM)-
adjusted abnormal stock returns around the Trump election date, to check for the
presence of either of these sets of firms in our sample. Our treatment group based on
iUK (10-K mentions) contains 57 (23) "loser" firms. In columns 3 and 4 of Table 11,
we replicate our baseline tests on investment omitting firms labeled as "losers" by
Wagner et al. (2018), that is, firms that might invest less because of Trump's election.
The estimates show that our inferences are unaffected by these firms.31

E. Falsification Tests

      We also address concerns that our test design is set up in a way that may
generate results not necessarily tied to the June 2016 referendum result. In doing so,
we reestimate our tests considering two "treatment periods" that occurred prior to
the 2016 Brexit vote: i) David Cameron's election as Prime Minister (2015:Q3) and
ii) the U.S. Debt Ceiling Crisis of 2011 (2011:Q2­2011:Q4). The first falsification
test mitigates concerns that firms anticipated the process leading to the Brexit
referendum at the time of Cameron's election. The second addresses concerns that
our investment results could be driven by episodes of uncertainty in the United
States (and not the United Kingdom) that affect global firms in general. As shown in
columns 5­8 of Table 12, the DID coefficients are statistically insignificant in
all such cases.

    30In Appendix E in the Supplementary Material, we further verify whether firms' automation
exposure changed coinciding with the Brexit vote, using a time-varying analogue of Automationi,
Automationi,t as the dependent variable in our baseline specification. The results, reported in
Table E2 in the Supplementary Material, provide suggestive evidence that U.K.-exposed firms increased
their exposure to automation technologies following the Brexit vote.

    31For completeness, we repeat our analysis also excluding "winner" firms and find no changes in our
results.
