                                     Campello, Cortes, d'Almeida, and Kankanhalli 3217         https://doi.org/10.1017/S0022109022000308 Published online by Cambridge University Press

VII. Concluding Remarks

      Political uncertainty appears to be a growing phenomenon, seemingly fueled
by populism and a rejection of institutions associated with international finance,
migration, and trade. This dynamic seems to be economically important, yet our
understanding of its consequences is limited. In this article, we provide firm-level
evidence of transmission of uncertainty generated by the 2016 Brexit referendum
onto American corporations. Our analysis shows how U.S. firms that were exposed
to the U.K. economy changed a myriad of business policies (including their
investment, disinvestment, hiring, R&D, and savings) in response to 2016 Brexit
vote. As the British anti-integration referendum has reportedly inspired similar
national-centric movements in other countries, it is important that researchers
and policymakers are able to gauge its larger implications.

      Our results show how foreign-born uncertainty is transmitted across borders,
shaping domestic capital formation and labor allocation. Yet, the effects we identify
on U.K.-exposed firms in the United States are likely only a few of the many
channels through which economic uncertainty is transmitted across borders. One
must bear in mind that the 2016 Brexit referendum set in motion a complex
process that is bound to last for several years and affect many other countries
connected through the global economy. One of the important aspects of our analysis
is shedding light on the fact that politicians and regulators can affect the economy
not only through policies they enact, but also by introducing uncertainty in the
process of making decisions. Such uncertainty has real and financial consequences
not only for the country that originates it, but for other countries as well.

Appendix A. Model Analysis and Results

A.1. Disinvestment Decisions

In solving a firm's disinvestment problem, we first consider its decision at t = 1. If

the firm had disinvested any of its endowed projects at t = 0, then it earns 0 for those

projects. Among projects that were not disinvested at t = 0 (i.e., remain alive a t = 1), the

firm can choose to sell any of them at t = 1 and receive cash flows of si2 þ xi2 À w per

project. Else, it can choose not to sell and receive xi2 per project. As in the case of the
investment decision, the firm's disinvestment policy is guided by the cash flows at t = 2

generated by project we. These cash flows can be characterized as:

                      8                                    ðEarly DisinvestmentÞ,
                      >< 0

(A.1)    i2  ðweÞ  =  :>  si2  þ  xi2  À  we  if si2 > we  ðDelayed DisinvestmentÞ,
                          xi2                 if si2  we   ðNoDisinvestmentÞ:

      Next, we consider the firm's disinvestment decision at t = 0. The optimal level of
disinvestment at t = 0 can be expressed in terms of w, the breakeven project. The firm
will optimally disinvest (sell) all projects in the range ½0, wÞ, and not disinvest (choose
to retain) any projects in the range ½w,W , instead of waiting until t = 1 to decide

whether or not to disinvest. The firm's cash flows from disinvesting project we at t = 0

is si1 þ xi1 À we. Its expected cash flows from not disinvesting project we at t = 0, and
