3218 Journal of Financial and Quantitative Analysis                                             https://doi.org/10.1017/S0022109022000308 Published online by Cambridge University Press

choosing instead to wait till t = 1 to decide, is xi1 ş E½ max ğsi2 ş xi2 À we, xi2Ş. Simpli-
fying these two expressions, the firm disinvests project we at t = 0 if:

(A.2)                       si1 À we  xi2 ş E½ max ğsi2 À we, 0Ş:

      The breakeven condition for determining the optimal disinvestment level w
at t = 0 is:

(A.3)                    si1 À w = xi2 ş E½ max ğsi2 À w, 0Ş:

In Lemma 3, we prove the existence of the optimal t = 0 investment level, w.

Lemma 3. The optimal disinvestment level w at t = 0 is given by equation (A.3)
for sufficiently large W .

      The breakeven condition in equation (A.3) implies that at t = 0 the firm sells all
projects up to project w, as the benefits of doing so, si1, are expected to exceed the costs.
Costs are made of two components: (1) the cost of selling the project, w, and (2) the

option value of waiting to choose whether to disinvest. The embedded optionality in the
firm's disinvestment decision is key in generating a negative relation between uncer-

tainty and disinvestment, as is the case with investment. As before, while the addition of

a zero-mean spread does not change the left-hand side of equation (A.2), it increases the
right-hand side of that inequality given the firm's option to forgo disinvestment in high

income states. An increase in uncertainty in the distribution of sit reduces the breakeven
project level w, and correspondingly shrinks the set of projects the firm disinvests at
t = 0, namely the interval ½0, wŞ. We establish this result in Proposition 3.

Proposition 3. Increased uncertainty leads to less disinvestment at t = 0. For r0 > r,

namely when GğÁ,r0Ş is obtained by a mean-preserving spread of GğÁ,rŞ,
                            dw
wğr0Ş  <  wğrŞ.  That  is,   dr  <  0.

      Taken together, the results of Proposition 1 and 3 imply that by increasing the value
of the option to wait, greater uncertainty leads to decreases in both investment and
disinvestment.

A.2. The Effect of Input Irreversibility

      We now address the role played by the degree of irreversibility of capital and labor,
as captured by their associated fixed costs. We do so by way of two propositions.

Proposition 4. An increase in the degree of irreversibility of capital leads to less

investment  for  higher  levels     of  uncertainty  in  the  first  period;  i.e.,  dn  <  0:
                                                                                     d

Proposition 5. An increase in the degree of irreversibility of labor leads to less

investment  for  higher  levels     of  uncertainty  in  the  first  period;  i.e.,  dn  <  0:
                                                                                     d

      Combining the last two propositions with Proposition 1, we have that for an
increase in uncertainty in the MPS sense (i.e., r0 > r) and for greater degree of input
irreversibility ğ0 >  and 0 > Ş, the following conditions hold with respect to

investment:
