
===== PAGE 1 =====
LongRangePlanning57(2024)102393
Contents lists available at ScienceDirect
Long Range Planning
journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/lrp
Implications of mergers and acquisitions for information
disclosures in earnings calls
Roberto Ragozzinoa,*, Jeffrey J. Reuerb
aNova School of Business & Economics, Urbanizaça˜o S. Gonçalo, Rua da Holanda, 1, 2775-405, Carcavelos, Portugal
bUniversity of Colorado, Leeds School of Business, 995 Regent Drive, Koelbel Building, Campus Box 419, Boulder, CO, 80309, USA
A R T I C L E I N F O A B S T R A C T
Keywords: We examine the linkages between firms’ M&A activity and the information exchange between
Corporate strategy executives and analysts during quarterly earnings calls. Prior M&A research has mostly focused
Acquisitions on the considerations presented by information asymmetry between buyers and sellers them-
M&A
selves in M&A. However, these concerns also exist between the buying firm’s executives and
Information asymmetry capital markets. We examine whether firms’ M&A activity results in an information exchange
Adverse selection
Earnings calls between executives and analysts that highlights corporate strategy as a discussion topic. Thus, we
Corporate communication test whether there is consistency between firms’ corporate growth agendas and the information
Executives released to the public by these firms. This question is relevant, as disclosure is central to firms’
Analysts ability to raise capital and compete. We also investigate the degree to which these information
exchanges affect analysts’ earnings forecast errors.
1. Introduction
Asymmetric information plays a central theoretical role in corporate strategy (e.g., Balakrishnan and Koza, 1993; Vanhaverbeke
et al., 2002; Villalonga and McGahan, 2005; Higgins and Rodriguez, 2006; Schildt and Laamanen, 2006; Capron and Shen, 2007;
Graebner, 2009; Zaheer et al., 2010; Cuypers et al., 2017; Humphrey-Jenner et al., 2017). Many corporate transactions are charac-
terized by some level of information asymmetry, and this leads a less informed buyer to face adverse selection, or the risk of overpaying
for assets (e.g., Akerlof, 1970; Ravenscraft and Scherer, 1987; Healy and Palepu, 1993; Healy and Palepu, 2001). It is also relatively
well understood that the hazards associated with information asymmetry tend to be greater when the value of a transaction is sig-
nificant to a buyer, and when the transaction is a one-off deal, rather than an ongoing relationship that will have buyers and sellers
engage in repeat business over time (Riley, 2001). As a consequence, mergers and acquisitions (M&A) are especially prone to adverse
selection concerns.
M&A also happen to be a pervasive investment vehicle supporting corporate strategy: According to the specialized analytics and
technology company Dealogic, the yearly dollar volume of worldwide activity has ranged between $2.2 and $4.1 trillion during the
2015–2019 timeframe.1 Given the economic importance of M&A and firms’ exposure to adverse selection in these deals, academic
studies in strategy, finance, and other fields have devoted significant attention to examining the implications of adverse selection for
M&A deals and firm performance. The evidence brought forth by this body of work confirms the broad point that adverse selection
* Corresponding author.
E-mail addresses: roberto.ragozzino@novasbe.pt (R. Ragozzino), jeffrey.reuer@colorado.edu (J.J. Reuer).
1 https://www.dealogic.com/insight/ma-highlights-full-year-2019/.
https://doi.org/10.1016/j.lrp.2023.102393
Received 10 May 2022; Received in revised form 28 August 2023; Accepted 13 September 2023
Availableonline20September2023
0024-6301/©2023ElsevierLtd.Allrightsreserved.

===== PAGE 2 =====
R. Ragozzino and J.J. Reuer L o n g R a n g e P l a n n i n g 5 7(2024)102393
plays a role in explaining firms’ M&A strategy and performance (e.g., Fowler and Schmidt, 1989; Villalonga and McGahan, 2005;
Moeller et al., 2007; Chemmanur et al., 2009; Officer et al., 2009; Cheng et al., 2016; Cuypers et al., 2017; Martin and Shalev, 2017;
Yakis-Douglas et al., 2017; Borochin et al., 2019).
Despite this fairly clear-cut conclusion, it is noteworthy that prior work has focused mostly on the asymmetric information present
between the buying and the selling firms in M&A and the implications it presents during M&A dealmaking. This work has applied the
theoretical models of information economics originally developed for other markets to the M&A market context, in order to understand
the antecedents and consequences of various aspects of M&A transactions. Specifically, M&A studies have relied on seminal research
such as Akerlof’s (1970) classic model of used car markets, Spence’s (1973) model of signaling in labor markets, and Stiglitz’s (1973)
analysis of insurance markets (e.g., Reuer, 2009). The upshot of research on M&A is that under conditions of information asymmetry,
deals may fall through, or alternative entry modes may be used, absent other remedies such as contractual provisions or payment
structures to reduce the exposure of buyers to adverse selection risks (e.g., Balakrishnan and Koza, 1993; Kohers and Ang, 2000; Datar
et al., 2001; Gilson and Schwartz, 2005; Cain et al., 2011; Reuer and Ragozzino, 2012; Macias and Moeller 2016; McCann et al., 2016).
However, there is a separate adverse selection problem in M&A markets that has often been neglected in previous research (for an
exception see Yakis-Douglas et al., 2017): Information asymmetry may also exist between company executives carrying out M&A and
the very shareholders they represent. This means that even if a buyer were to address information asymmetry satisfactorily between
itself and a seller during deal negotiations, it would still face the critical challenge of relaying its M&A strategy to shareholders. It is
noteworthy that such third parties often do not appear in other market settings involving buyers and sellers in which the original
models of adverse selection were based (e.g., the original models applied to used cars, labor markets, insurance, etc.). For shareholders,
the more complex the transaction is, the higher their information-gathering costs will be, and they obtain diminishing benefits from
trying to make sense of the firm’s deals (Veldkamp, 2006). As the information becomes costly to gather or process, shareholders can
discount the value of the firm and firms will experience a higher cost of obtaining external resources.2 It follows that the consequences
of information asymmetries in M&A markets might even be more far-reaching than previous M&A studies on this topic have
considered, and the costs they entail for acquirers have been understated. This oversight may be in part due to the greater attention
that corporate strategy scholars have given to moral hazard concerns – another implication of information asymmetry involving
shareholders that can give rise to value destroying acquisitions (e.g., Jensen and Meckling, 1976; Dalton et al., ). Alternatively, scholars
may have overlooked adverse selection in this context because they have implicitly assumed that capital markets are informationally
efficient (Fama, 1970; Milgrom and Stokey, 1982).3 Regardless, for the most part research in the area of corporate strategy in general,
as well as M&A in particular, has neglected the importance of adverse selection between company insiders and shareholders. A recent
notable exception is the work by Benner and Zenger (2016), who have provided a conceptual discussion of the challenges managers
face when they devise and implement complex strategies and subsequently have to relay information on these strategies to capital
market participants.
We wish to build on these ideas and join them with information economics research on M&A. We do so by examining whether M&A
carries important implications for information asymmetries in capital markets and their operation. We first set out to investigate
whether the information disclosures by company insiders to shareholders follow a pattern that is consistent with the company’s
strategic complexity, as defined by its M&A activity in particular. To this end, we track companies’ information disclosures by using a
comprehensive set of earnings calls transcripts spanning 12 years and over 6,000 unique companies and millions of exchanges between
executives and analysts. In particular, we are able to isolate the corporate strategy terms spoken by company executives and analysts
during earnings calls. Further, in view of potential endogeneity concerns, we adopt a propensity score matching technique to create
comparable samples of M&A-active and M&A-inactive firms, as well as of firms engaged in different levels of M&A activity.
Our results demonstrate that the M&A strategies implemented by companies affect their information exchanges with analysts, both
in terms of questioning by analysts and the information disclosures by executives. For future research, these findings provide initial
evidence that executives engaging in M&A are not only contending with information asymmetries directly in M&A markets with
targets during deal-making, but also in other factor markets as well (i.e., capital markets). We therefore conclude that previous M&A
research has understated the consequences of the inefficiencies and frictions presented by information asymmetries surrounding
acquisition deals. In subsequent analyses, we also show that the magnitude of analysts’ earnings forecast errors increases with their
doubts regarding a firm’s strategy and decreases with the information conveyed by executives during earnings calls. In summary, we
offer fine-grained evidence that information disclosure is proportional to the complexity of the firm’s M&A strategy, and that richer
disclosure by executives and more intense questioning by analysts have a direct impact on the ability of information intermediaries in
capital markets to evaluate firms.
As its main contribution, this study provides both conceptual arguments and empirical evidence that the strategic complexity of
firms’ M&A strategies needs to be articulated to shareholders, in order for the latter to acquire the necessary information to evaluate
2 Paradoxically, as noted in recent work, the more unique a firm’s corporate strategy, the more difficult it is to communicate it effectively to
shareholders, yet it is through a unique and complex corporate strategy that economic rents are possible in the first place due to inimitability (i.e.,
Litov et al., 2012).
3 The definition of strong form market efficiency is that of a market in which prices reflect all public and private information. Effectively, this
definition rules out the problem of adverse selection between company insiders and shareholders, because any deviation in price from the true value
of the firm must be random, and not due to a recurring problem of information asymmetry between some firm stakeholders and others. Whether and
when assumptions about different levels of market efficiency are warranted is beyond the scope of this paper, and we direct readers interested in this
topic to the pertinent work in financial economics (e.g., Grossman and Stiglitz, 1980; Shiller, 1989).
2

===== PAGE 3 =====
R. Ragozzino and J.J. Reuer L o n g R a n g e P l a n n i n g 5 7(2024)102393
complex transactions by these firms. For the M&A literature, the evidence underscores the point that executives are not only called
upon to implement M&A strategies that have the potential of conferring a competitive advantage to their firms – an arduous task in
itself given the frequency with which acquirers fail to capture value due to information costs and other challenges – but they are also
called upon to articulate the corporate strategy surrounding their investment decisions to the investing public. Our arguments and
findings therefore call for future research that bridges economic transactions in certain factor markets (e.g., M&A) with information
disclosures in others (e.g., capital markets) to account more fully for the consequences of information frictions affecting corporate
strategy.
2. Background theory
The theory of information economics provides important insights into the structure and functioning of exchanges in various
markets. The early work of Akerlof (1970) in particular helped lay the theoretical foundations to understand adverse selection, which
is a direct consequence of asymmetric information between buyers and sellers. In a nutshell, Akerlof relied on the market for used cars
as the context of his analysis and proposed that in a world in which buyers cannot distinguish good and bad cars, buyers either refrain
from buying cars altogether – in which case no cars are sold and markets do not clear – or they end up with cars having a low average
quality. Research by Spence (1973) and Stiglitz (2002) in other market contexts has further paved the way to help to understand
phenomena that could not be fully explained by traditional neoclassical theory (Lo¨fgren et al., 2002). The applicability of information
economics has since been proven to reach far and wide across various market contexts, including banking and credit (Stiglitz and
Weiss, 1981) and financial markets (e.g., Grossman and Stiglitz, 1980; Myers and Majluf, 1984; Healy and Palepu, 2001), insurance
products (Rothschild and Stiglitz, 1976), labor market contexts (Shapiro and Stiglitz, 1984), corporate social responsibility (Grewal
et al., 2019), and impression management during CEOs’ public presentations (Whittington et al., 2016), among others.
2.1. Information economics and M&A
Scholarly work has applied the theory of information economics to M&A and for some time has studied its implications for the
efficiency of these markets (for a review see Reuer, 2009). The basic idea, which mirrors the market for used cars discussed by Akerlof,
is that sellers in M&A often hold better information on their own firm than buyers. As such, a seller has a natural incentive to inflate its
value by presenting the firm’s resources and prospects in a favorable light, while a buyer faces due diligence costs and discounts the
seller’s valuation given its inability to judge the target’s unobserved resources and prospects (Ravenscraft and Scherer, 1987). These
ideas have been extensively discussed in early financial economics research, and this work has provided the theoretical basis for
identifying ways in which buyers may cope with information asymmetry, whether through information gathering and intermediation,
relying on signals, or using protective contractual provisions and payment structures in M&A deals (e.g., Fishman, 1989; Eckbo et al.,
1990; Datar et al., 2001). These early ideas have been subsequently followed by substantial empirical research – including in strategy –
which has furthered our understanding of how adverse selection affects buyers and sellers involved in M&A.
While this research has led to considerable insights into M&A activities by firms and their performance implications, this work
might still be understating the importance of information costs in M&A markets. This is because this research focuses on the infor-
mation asymmetry between buyers and sellers during dealmaking, rather than the information asymmetry that can also exist between
the buying firm and this firm’s own shareholders. To be clear, we are referring specifically to the application of information economics
and the adverse selection problem to this context. There is in fact a sizable amount of research that has investigated how information
asymmetry affects moral hazard and gives rise to agency problems in public corporations. It is worth drawing a quick distinction
between the two problems: Adverse selection concerns itself with the ex-ante problems that surface when M&A buyers and sellers hold
different information on the target company. As previously discussed, the implications of this predicament are either that buyers will
walk away from otherwise viable transactions, or that they will risk overpaying for targets, absent appropriate remedies. In contrast,
moral hazard focuses on the problem of hidden actions that emerge from principals (i.e., the shareholders) and agents (i.e., the ex-
ecutives) holding diverging incentives (e.g., Jensen and Meckling, 1976). In this case, the inability of the principals to monitor agents
may lead the latter to engage in large or diversifying acquisitions that might not be in shareholders’ interests. This problem, a problem
of hidden action, is distinct from adverse selection, a problem of hidden information, though both concerns ultimately find their roots
in information asymmetry between different actors and can sometimes be intertwined as a consequence (see Stiglitz, 2002 for a
discussion).
It remains for us to explicate why a shift in focus from information asymmetries between buyers and sellers in M&A markets to
information asymmetries between those acquirers and their shareholders is warranted and interesting. Generally speaking, it is well
known that capital market participants (i.e., investment bank analysts, mutual and hedge fund managers, shareholders, etc.) are called
upon to value public firms by using the information made available by these firms’ required disclosures. While the valuation of assets
in place may be relatively straightforward, it is an altogether different challenge to evaluate strategies that involve forward-looking
plans (Mintzberg, 1987), complex decisions (Ghemawat, 2005; Gavetti and Rivkin, 2007) and the accumulation and deployment of
bundles of resources and capabilities (Barney, 1986; Montgomery and Wernerfelt, 1988; Zenger et al., 2011). These points have been
made by Litov et al. (2012), who noted that it is not only plausible that company insiders possess private information, but it is a
requirement for their pursuit of competitive advantage (including via M&A), so that close rivals are not to be able to readily detect this
information and be in a position to imitate the firm’s strategy.
Company executives leverage such private information when they reach out in factor markets and set out to combine their own
resources with those of other companies. At a minimum, M&A result in the additive combination of two previously independent
3

===== PAGE 4 =====
R. Ragozzino and J.J. Reuer L o n g R a n g e P l a n n i n g 5 7(2024)102393
companies, but their complexity can easily escalate when these deals involve the creation of economies of scale and scope, the
redeployability of resources, or other idiosyncratic advantages tied to location, experience or learning. Indeed, such objectives
represent the backbone of the value adding proposition of many M&A, and the likelihood of success of these transactions rests on the
unique foresight held by company insiders. As noted by Angwin (2007), M&A success may simply mean life or death for organizations.
Paradoxically, as the role of private information rises in M&A markets, so does the need for company insiders to relay their motives to
capital market participants, in order for the latter to develop informed expectations on the value of the firm (Benner and Zenger, 2016).
Should this information be incomplete or missing, investors would face adverse selection and its associated inefficiencies, so tensions
can naturally arise between the firm’s pursuit of competitive advantage and its need to disclose information to capital markets to
obtain funds on attractive terms.
It is also worthwhile noting that a relatively new stream of research has expounded the merits of a so-called “open strategy practice”
(Whittington et al., 2011), which includes a number of steps such as blogging, jamming, knowledge-sharing, crowdsourcing and more
generally open communication within and across organizations and stakeholders. For example, in a recent paper Yakis-Douglas et al.
(2017) examine information disclosure in the area of M&A and surrounding deal announcements, finding that voluntary discussions of
individual transactions by companies tend to result in value creation for firms.
In sum, information asymmetry between company insiders and capital markets in M&A is a compelling issue for two main reasons:
First, at a basic level, M&A buyers themselves face challenges in assessing the value of target firms. To the extent that buyers move
forward with a transaction, they will have ostensibly overcome these challenges satisfactorily. However, even if this is the case, the
resolution of the information asymmetry problem separating buyers from sellers still requires buyers to be able to convey information
on the transaction to capital markets (e.g., the value creation logic for the transaction, the deal structure, execution plans, etc.).
Second, company insiders are also called upon to explicate their strategic vision as to how the M&A transaction will augment the
competitiveness of their firms and support their corporate strategy. Here again, the more nuanced the foresight of insiders, the more
likely the M&A will yield unique value, but also the more difficult the deal will be to convey to capital markets and might be imitated
by others. These two sources of adverse selection are distinct but not mutually exclusive, and they also carry important implications for
how firms may be able to raise capital and be competitive.
2.2. The role of earnings calls for information delivery to capital markets
The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) imposes information disclosure requirements on publicly held companies
trading on U.S. stock exchanges. For example, firms are required by the SEC to report audited financials each quarter, and this in-
formation plays a central role in influencing shareholders’ future expectations of companies and hence valuations. In addition to the
mandated financial performance disclosures, capital market participants also rely on voluntary quarterly earnings conference calls.
These conference calls provide stakeholders with opportunities to engage with firms’ corporate executives and to ask spontaneous
questions in order to understand better the company’s strategy and performance (Lee, 2016). Accordingly, research in disciplines
ranging from accounting to financial economics and management has sought to examine how the information disclosed during the
calls can affect the firm and its stakeholders (e.g., Frankel et al., 1999; Bushee et al., 2004; Kimbrough, 2005; Ko¨nig et al., 2018; Pan
et al., 2018; Harrison et al., 2019; Graf-Vlachy et al., forthcoming).
As a few illustrations, some scholars have examined the roles of analyst coverage (Matsumoto et al., 2011) and information
asymmetries (Bushee et al., 2018) on the content of information covered in earnings calls, while others have tied executives’ tone or
their affective state to ensuing analysts’ stock recommendations (Mayew and Venkatachalam, 2012; Henry and Leone, 2005). There is
a vast and growing body of work that has examined earnings calls using many different theoretical lenses across these disciplines (for a
review, see Gao et al., 2016). Information disclosures might occur by other means, but this recent research establishes that earnings
calls are a critical platform used by company insiders to relay information to capital market participants and, in turn, for capital market
participants to perform due diligence as well as try to abate information asymmetries between capital providers and insiders. On this
basis, below we specify our formal predictions for empirical analysis.
3. Research hypotheses
As discussed, earnings calls provide a unique opportunity for information discovery. Although earnings calls are discretionary and
can have downsides such as a risk of information being disseminated in product markets, firms have an incentive to hold them for at
least two broad reasons: First, not doing so would likely indicate an intent to withhold information from markets, with potentially
adverse valuation consequences. Second, earnings calls provide executives with an opportunity to explain the drivers of their firms’
performance, as well as to lay out their strategy and future pursuits. This purpose is beneficial to firms because it allows them to access
capital markets, which is the main advantage of being publicly traded, but which requires transparency to providers of financial
resources (Chemmanur and Fulghieri, 1999). It is therefore no surprise that a recent survey conducted by the National Investor Re-
lations Institute reports that 97 percent of all public companies hold quarterly earnings calls on a regular basis (https://www.niri.org/
).
4. M&A as an antecedent of corporate strategy information disclosures
Besides the general incentive to release information through earnings calls, there is also evidence that this incentive will grow
proportionally with the complexity of the firm, for instance, based on extraordinary items to be covered by executives or details on how
4

===== PAGE 5 =====
R. Ragozzino and J.J. Reuer L o n g R a n g e P l a n n i n g 5 7(2024)102393
the firm will be achieving growth (e.g., Frankel et al., 1999). Specifically, single-business firms having relatively predictable per-
formance will likely feature short and basic questions from analysts, as well as cursory responses and explanations by executives, as
information asymmetries are likely to be relatively small, all else being equal. By contrast, more complex strategies made up of a
multitude of corporate transactions and diverse areas of growth can lead to extended earnings calls featuring numerous and involved
questions that enable deeper probing of specific topics.
M&A are among the most resource-intensive strategic investments firms employ, as they require significant capital commitments,
costly due diligence, and challenging integration processes. It is partly because of the complexity of M&A deal-making and execution
that equity markets often respond skeptically to M&A announcements (e.g., Kaplan and Weisbach, 1992), as also corroborated by a
recent meta-analysis showing a consistent slightly negative reaction to acquisition announcements on average (i.e., King et al., 2021).
It follows that analysts will also want to leverage earnings calls as opportunities to obtain otherwise opaque information on the ob-
jectives held by executives and how they will be carried out. Thus, we expect that analysts will actively inquire about these deals and
raise broader concerns about corporate strategy to executives during calls. Likewise, based on their need to preserve liquid capital
markets for their firms in order to obtain external financing on attractive terms, executives will have to provide pertinent information
on their M&A, because failure to disclose this information can jeopardize their firm’s access to capital markets. As evidence of this,
research in accounting has argued that executives use conference calls to convey private information surrounding M&A announce-
ments, and this process results in more positive reactions by shareholders (i.e., Kimbrough and Louis, 2011). In sum, we predict a
positive relationship between a company’s M&A activity and the amount of information exchanged on this activity during an earnings
call:
Hypothesis 1. Analysts in earnings calls will inquire more on the firm’s corporate strategy, the greater the firm’s M&A activity.
Hypothesis 2. Executives in earnings calls will provide more information on the firm’s corporate strategy, the greater the firm’s
M&A activity.
While the above hypotheses might appear intuitive at first glance, there are many reasons why M&A activity might not translate
into more meaningful discussions of corporate strategy and that make these hypotheses falsifiable. For example, there is an oppor-
tunity cost in covering one topic over another in earnings calls, and inevitably priority must be given to those topics that may be
providing shareholders with the most useful information on the firm. Additionally, executives (and analysts) may choose to discuss
topics other than the firm’s corporate strategy to avoid transmitting information to competitors about their firm’s strategy. Likewise,
there may also be managerial and opportunistic reasons why executives might not want to engage in discussion of corporate strategy
(for instance, if an acquisition is brought about by agency considerations, an executive has an interest in not drawing attention to it).
Lastly, there are many other vehicles by which firms may pursue diversification (like joint ventures, licensing, corporate venture
capital, etc.). Thus, the use of the corporate strategy dictionary we create is not inherently limited to M&A. Finally, it is not clear that
analysts will prioritize plumbing the depths of firms’ corporate strategies, given their immediate focus on predicting near-term
earnings as accurately as possible.
4.1. Consequences of corporate strategy information disclosures
While the previous section concerned itself with the congruity of firms’ M&A strategy and the information exchange in earnings
calls, we now turn our attention to the effects of this exchange on the adverse selection problem faced by capital market participants.
Namely, we examine whether ceteris paribus, analysts’ earnings forecast errors in the quarter following the focal call are affected by the
information flow during the call. Thus, the previous hypotheses established the antecedent logical links between adverse selection and
the mechanisms available to market participants to reduce its effects (i.e., questions by analysts and disclosures by executives). In
contrast, the ensuing section attempts to determine whether the mechanisms above facilitate reductions in information asymmetry
using analysts’ forecast errors as an established indicator of these challenges faced by analysts (Lang and Lundholm, 1996; Coller and
Yohn, 1997; Easterwood and Nutt, 1999; Affleck-Graves et al., 2001; Kim, 2016).
More specifically, analysts are tasked with attending calls and raising questions on the aspects of a firm’s performance and direction
about which they believe they are insufficiently informed. They subsequently use the newly acquired information to form an estimate
of what the firm’s earnings will be in the quarter following the call (e.g., Bowen et al., 2002; Kimbrough, 2005; Lobo et al., 2017;
Heinrichs et al., 2019). It is therefore reasonable to infer that, all else equal, the greater the asymmetry in information between analysts
and executives, the more the former will question the latter. Thus, the amount of questioning on a firm’s M&A strategy should reflect
the level of information available to analysts on this topic. Barring external and perverse dynamics,4 if few or no questions are raised,
then analysts should hold equal information to executives, and analysts can form forecasts based on information at hand. In contrast,
extended inquiries by analysts should indicate a wide information gap between the two, which in turn raises the stakes of adverse
4 Some research and anecdotal evidence have noted that the ability by analysts to ask questions may be partially driven by their previous record of
making positive recommendations on the firm issuing the earnings call (see for instance Siconolfi, 1995; Chen and Matsumoto, 2006; Mayew, 2008).
5

===== PAGE 6 =====
R. Ragozzino and J.J. Reuer L o n g R a n g e P l a n n i n g 5 7(2024)102393
selection.5 As such, we therefore posit:
Hypothesis 3. The greater the amount of questioning by analysts on the firm’s corporate strategy in a given earnings calls quarter,
the larger the analysts’ earnings forecast error in the following quarter.
Questions by analysts reflect their concerns and information asymmetry regarding M&A within firms’ corporate strategies, while
answers by executives should have the effect of reducing adverse selection problems for firms whose information is more difficult to
understand (e.g., Frankel et al., 1999; Bushee et al., 2018; Rabier, 2017; Bochkay et al., 2020). Although it is likely that there will be a
positive correlation between the questions on a firm’s M&A activity and the corresponding answers offered by executives, it is also true
that executives have considerable discretion of providing differing levels of details on any given question as well as disclosing in-
formation on an unprompted basis. In some cases, they may choose to talk at length on transactions’ motives and intended objectives,
even if they are not questioned by analysts, while in others they may opt to be short and concise, even when pushed by analysts.
Likewise, executives can also steer the conversation to one topic or another, based on their perception of what items may deserve more
coverage, independent of whether they are asked about them directly or not.
At the most basic level, executives are called upon to allocate the allotted time to covering several topics, of which a firm’s M&A
agenda is but one. Thus, extensive discussions on any given items may simply not be feasible based on time limitations alone.
Moreover, there has been considerable academic work that has examined the drivers of the quantity and quality of the information
executives disclose during earnings calls. Two clear-cut takeaways from this research are that there is a positive relationship between
the opacity of a firm’s performance and strategy and the amount of information conveyed by executives during calls (Frankel et al.,
1999), as well as between the amount of information disclosed by executives in earnings calls and the reaction of market participants
(see for instance, Kimbrough and Louis, 2011). Even still, both anecdotal and scientific evidence points to a great deal of variability in
the information volunteered by executives, such that executives may willingly or unwillingly fail to convey all the relevant infor-
mation, either because of their own limitations, pre-conceived prejudices, or their desire to protect the firm’s strategic purposes, as
discussed in prior work (see for instance Francis and Philbrick, 1993; Hollander et al., 2010; Matsumoto et al., 2011; Mayew et al.,
2013). Insofar as firms with greater M&A activity offer significantly more information on their corporate strategy, we predict that this
information will help to reduce the effects of adverse selection affecting analysts:
Hypothesis 4. The greater the amount of information disclosed by executives on the firm’s corporate strategy in a given earnings
calls quarter, the smaller the analysts’ earnings forecast error in the following quarter.
5. Methods
5.1. Data and sample
We draw from a number of data sources to compile the data required for our analysis. As a starting point, we use quarterly earnings
calls transcripts made available through Seeking Alpha, which is an organization that provides investors with news, information, and
data on a large set of public firms. In detail, the population of earnings calls available through Seeking Alpha as of the time of our data
collection comprises over 103,000 transcripts released by 4,500 unique companies over the 2006–2017 timeframe.6 In our sample we
only focus on firms traded either on the NYSE or Nasdaq. This screening criterion allows us to avoid smaller firms traded in minor
exchanges or “over the counter”, which are also unlikely to be covered by Seeking Alpha. If we compare the total market capitalization
of the firms in our sample against the total market capitalization of the firms traded on the NYSE and Nasdaq, we find that our sample
comprises on average 70 percent of the value of these firms.7
The transcripts we use are available to download as text files and they contain every single interaction among company executives,
analysts and the operator. Notably, each comment by the individuals is preceded by the identifying information of the speaker, which
allows us to isolate with precision who said what in each call. We then use Python to code each of the comments and build a database
that uniquely identifies the company issuing the earnings call, the time of the call, the identity of the speaker and the position of the
speaker comment in the context of the call. In all, the sample includes 7.27 million individual comments in total.
Having identified the baseline sample of firms for which we have earnings calls’ transcripts available, we complement this dataset
with financial information from Compustat quarterly data, and with information on earnings forecasts from I/B/E/S. In both cases, we
use the same year and quarter as the earnings call to match all databases. The next step is to calculate the M&A activity of the firms in
5 It is worthwhile to note that although it is possible that prolonged questioning by analysts will result in a reduction of the information gap
separating them from executives, this is not likely after controlling for executives’ answers. Also, earnings calls have limited scope and duration, and
a firm’s corporate strategy is but one of several topics that may need to be covered in a call. As a result, M&A will inevitably only receive a fraction
of the total call time, and rarely do analysts manage to ask all the questions they wish, and the questions they do ask may trigger additional concerns
about a transaction from other analysts.
6 Later in the paper we explore the effects of removing the years surrounding the financial crisis from the analyses.
7 Seeking Alpha chooses what firms to cover based on the preferences of its subscribers. A comparison of the average (median) size of our sampled
firms against the population of NYSE and Nasdaq firm size reveals significant differences, with the former being about 1.5 (2.3) times larger than the
latter. Thus, despite the comprehensive coverage of Seeking Alpha in terms of total market cap, and even though by only considering NYSE and
Nasdaq firms we are sampling on the largest public firms in the United States, there remains a size bias, which does not affect our empirical
approach, but might affect the generalizability of our findings.
6

===== PAGE 7 =====
R. Ragozzino and J.J. Reuer L o n g R a n g e P l a n n i n g 5 7(2024)102393
our sample. While M&A is an extremely pervasive tool in corporate strategy, there is a great deal of heterogeneity around whether and
to what extent individual firms employ acquisitions. To arrive at a detailed account of just how much each individual firm imple-
mented M&A prior to an earnings call, we draw from the Thomson One database, which is a comprehensive source that canvasses
firms’ corporate activity over time.
Propensity score matching and endogeneity. The goal of our analysis is to determine whether firms that engage in M&A activity
provide useful information to investors, in order to allow the latter to be less exposed to the risk of adverse selection. We are also
interested in determining whether analysts who participate in the calls on behalf of capital market participants, inquire about the
corporate strategies of firms that engage in M&A. To this end, it is necessary to compare samples of firms with and without M&A
activity (as well as compare firms with less versus substantial M&A activity, as we will discuss later). It is apparent that simply
bifurcating the population of firms based on whether they engage in M&A creates potential problems, insofar as this sort of activity is
financially and managerially demanding, and it is also not suited for all competitive contexts and time periods. Accordingly, such
direct comparisons may lead to biased inferences due to unobserved heterogeneity.
To address this concern, we first estimate models predicting the use of M&A by individual firms and create propensity scores that
we use to match M&A active firms with their most comparable counterparts. We then build a final sample based on the following
criteria: First, the absolute value of the difference between the propensity scores of active and inactive M&A firms has to be smaller
than or equal to 0.1. Second, both firms have to be in the same industry8 and the earnings call has to be in the same year and quarter.
Lastly, both firms have to have the same status as either being in the S&P 500 index or not.9 If all of these criteria are met, then the
inactive firm is included in the sample of firms to compare against its corresponding active firms. We allow for as many as three
matches to a given active firm in a given quarter, though our results are not sensitive to this choice of creating comparison groups. The
final sample comprises 55,928 firm-quarters, of which roughly 26 percent are active in M&A. In subsequent analyses, we repeat the
same matching process, but we compare only highly active versus less active firms. In this case, we exclude all firms without at least
one M&A transaction, and we split the sample between those firms with levels of activity above or below the median level. This
supplementary dataset features 20,990 firm-quarters, of which about 5,600 are highly active firms, and the remainder are the matched
counterparts.
For the estimation of the models predicting analysts’ earnings forecast errors, we begin from the two samples described above (i.e.,
active vs. inactive firms and highly-active vs. less-active firms) and then implement additional matching procedures, as follows: We
isolate firms that feature a corporate strategy dictionary use at or above the median (either on the analyst or the executive side,
depending on the model specification) and then match these firms against the pool of firms with below-the-median dictionary usage,
based on the propensity scores obtained from the estimation of a logistic regression predicting a high use of the corporate strategy
dictionary10, as well as the same matching criteria discussed previously. In sum, we start from samples of firms that are identical in
every respect considered, except for their use of M&A and then use propensity-score matching to compare these firms based on the use
of the words contained in our corporate strategy dictionary.
5.2. Variables and specifications
Propensity scores and matching. We begin our analyses by estimating two logistic regressions predicting whether or not the focal
firm engaged in M&A (or was heavily engaged in M&A or not), in order to match firms. To this end, we create two indicator variables
labeled M&A active firm, which function as dependent variables in the models. The first variable takes a value of one if the firm entered
into at least one M&A deal in the 5 years preceding the earnings call, and zero otherwise. The second, which only includes M&A-active
firms during the same time window, separates firms with an activity level equal to or greater than the median level of activity from
firms with an activity level lower than the median. The covariates in the propensity score models mostly overlap with the specification
of the models used to test our predictions with one single exception. We discuss these variables in detail below.
Main models. The second set of dependent variables are implemented in the estimation of the models for testing hypotheses 1 and
2, in which we predict the use of corporate strategy words by both analysts and executives during earnings calls. In order to capture the
extent to which executives and analysts engage in a conversation surrounding the M&A activity of the firm, we build a dictionary of
words that mirrors Feldman’s (2020) list of corporate strategy keywords. These words and their variants are: ACQUI*, ALLY, ALLI-
ANCE, ASSET SALE, CORPORATE, DIVERSIF*, DIVEST*, FIRM BOUNDAR*, M&A*, MERG*, SCALE, SCOPE, SELLOFF, SPINOFF,
STRATEGY.11 The computation of the variables involves three steps. First, we sum up the dictionary keywords spoken by each of these
8 We use the Fama-French 12-industry definition to distinguish the following industries: (1) Food, Tobacco, Textiles, Apparel, Leather, Toys; (2)
Cars, TVs, Furniture, Household Appliances; (3) Machinery, Trucks, Planes, Office Furniture, Paper, Computer Printing; (4) Oil, Gas, and Coal
Extraction and Products; (5) Chemicals and Allied Products; (6) Computers, Software, and Electronic Equipment; (7) Telephone and Television
Transmission; (8) Utilities; (9) Wholesale, Retail, and Some Services (Laundries, Repair Shops); (10) Healthcare, Medical Equipment, and Drugs;
(11) Finance; (12) Other – Mines, Construction, Building Materials, Transportation, Hotels, Business Services, Entertainment.
9 We use the Compustat Index Constituencies database to determine which firms belonged in the S&P 500.
10 Note that this approach results in the estimation of four separate regressions. The results of these regressions are not shown, but they are
available from the authors. The covariates in the models are: (1) whether the firm belongs in the S&P500 index; (2) the total number of alliances and
joint ventures entered into by the firm in the 5 years leading up to the call; (3) the total number of acquisitions entered into by the firm in the 5 years
leading up to the call; (4) the firm’s financial leverage; (5) the firm’s market capitalization; (6) the firm’s profit margin; (7) industry controls.
11 We run several robustness checks around the dictionary word list, and we discuss these analyses later in the paper.
7

===== PAGE 8 =====
R. Ragozzino and J.J. Reuer L o n g R a n g e P l a n n i n g 5 7(2024)102393
two classes of participants within each call transcript. Second, we divide these sums by the total words they spoke during the call.
Lastly, we multiply these proportions by 1,000 for scaling purposes. These operations allow us to arrive at a continuous, weighted score
that is bounded at zero on the lower end (when no instance of any of the keyword exists in the entire call), and at 1,000 on the higher
end (in the hypothetical scenario in which every word spoken belongs in the keyword list).
The final dependent variable aims at measuring the accuracy of analysts’ earnings forecasts. We compute this measure of analyst
forecast errors as the percentage difference between the earnings estimate produced by analysts following the firm and the actual
earnings announced by the latter (Collins and Hopwood, 1980; Cen et al., 2013; Harris and Wang, 2013). Specifically, using I/B/E/S
data, we obtain the median earnings estimate for the focal quarter and compute the absolute difference between this number and the
actual earnings. We then divide the difference by the median estimate.12
Controls. The main theoretical variables in the models are the indicator variables that separate M&A-active firms from their
counterparts. We have already discussed the way in which we construct these measures in the previous section of the paper. We also
introduce several controls, and we discuss each of them here in the order they appear in the tables. Firm in the S&P 500 index is an
indicator variable taking a value of one if the firm belonged in the S&P 500 index at the time of observation, and zero otherwise. Firms
in the S&P 500 are subject to greater scrutiny by the investing public (Shleifer, 1986) and this may affect their corporate commu-
nications. Number of analysts is included in our logistic models predicting the likelihood of M&A engagement and it reflects the number
of analysts following the firm and forecasting its quarterly earnings, as provided by I/B/E/S. Firms with attractive growth prospects or
prominence are likely to attract greater coverage by analysts.
At the firm level, we also include Firm leverage, Firm market capitalization and Firm profit margin in all models,13 because these
measures of the firm’s financial health might affect their likelihood to engage in M&A, the Q&A session in earnings calls, and the
ability by analysts to forecast the firm’s earnings with accuracy in the future. We use Compustat quarterly data to compute these
variables. We also include Firm Tobin’s Q in the logistic models, as the firm growth prospects as proxied by this ratio may also affect its
propensity to carry out M&A deals. Tobin’s Q is approximated by dividing the firm’s market capitalization by its total assets, as
commonly done in the literature (Chung and Pruitt, 1994).
The models estimating analysts’ earnings forecast accuracy introduce additional covariates as follows: Corporate dictionary intensive
is the key theoretical variable in the model, and it is computed in exactly the same way as the dependent variables used for the models
predicting the utilization of corporate keywords during earnings calls. The control set includes the same variables previously covered,
plus Transcript length, which is split between analysts and executives, and it consists of the number of words spoken by either class of
participant during the focal earnings call. We expect that the accuracy of analysts forecast will be at least partially affected by the
length of the information exchange occurring during the call, independent of the use of the corporate strategy keywords we track. Total
M&A deals is a count variable tracking the number of deals entered into by the focal firm during the 5 years leading up to the call. We
include this control because it is plausible that the earnings of active firms may be more difficult to predict than the earnings of less
active or inactive firms. Lastly, we include industry fixed effects in all models. Time fixed effects were never significant in any model
either aggregately or even individually, so we exclude them from all estimations for the sake of parsimony.
Models. The models used for the analyses pertaining to the utilization of the corporate dictionary keywords by analysts and ex-
ecutives are Tobit regressions. As previously noted, the dependent variables in these models are continuous and bounded at zero, as we
scale the count of keywords by the total number of words spoken by each speaker category. Thus, standard OLS models would be
inadequate as they may result in the inappropriate prediction of values less than zero. It should be noted that we also re-estimate the
Tobit regressions using fractional regressions, and the interpretation and significance of the results remains unchanged. Lastly, the
models estimated to predict the determinants of analysts’ forecast errors are standard OLS regressions with robust standard errors, as
the dependent variable is the percent deviation of the predicted earnings from the actual earnings, in the quarter following the focal
earnings call.
6. Results
The first analytical step in our analysis was to estimate a logistic regression to build the propensity scores used for matching M&A-
active and M&A-inactive firms. Specifically, we predicted M&A activity for the broad sample of firms, as well as only for firms with at
least one M&A transaction. The dependent variables of these models split firms’ level of M&A activities between whether they were at
or above the median level of active firms, or below. Further, the covariates isolate firms that belonged in the S&P 500 index, the
number of analysts present in the call, the firm’s leverage ratio, market capitalization, Tobin’s Q and profit margins, as well as industry
fixed effects. While we do not report the results of these estimations for brevity, both models were very significant on an overall basis,
and nearly all covariates appear to be strongly associated with the dependent variable.
It is useful to offer a visual representation of how well the procedures we followed match firms based on their M&A activity. In
Fig. 1a and Fig. 1b we plot the average value of the six covariates in the two models using for the estimation of the propensity scores (i.
e., the M&A-active firms) and the matched samples across these groups. The grey area in the plots shows a range of 5 percent above or
12 It is apparent from the way in which we operationalize this variable that we are interested in earnings forecast deviations in any direction. Thus,
we are not predicting positive or negative differences based on the use of the corporate dictionary keywords considered, but rather greater accuracy.
13 Leverage is computed as the total debt-to-total assets ratio. Market capitalization is the straightforward multiplication of the firm’s share value at
the end of the quarter nearest to the earnings call by the number of its outstanding shares. Profit margin is the ratio of the firm’s net income to its
total sales.
8

===== PAGE 9 =====
R. Ragozzino and J.J. Reuer L o n g R a n g e P l a n n i n g 5 7(2024)102393
below the M&A-active firms’ values. It is evident that the vast majority of matching firms are well within this 5 percent error margin.
Thus, we are able to arrive at a closely comparable set of firms independent of their M&A activity.
Table 1 shows basic descriptive statistics and correlations for the full matched sample.14 It is noteworthy that the use of the
corporate dictionary keywords appears to be far more frequent for executives than for analysts, although as expected both classes of
call participants appear to use these words concomitantly and when the firm is active in M&A (i.e., all p <0.001). While only roughly 7
percent of the firms in our sample belong in the S&P 500 index, these firms are more active in M&A and they tend to be bigger and more
profitable than their counterparts. Moreover, M&A activity is positively correlated with firm size, as expected.
We now turn to the models predicting the use of the corporate dictionary keywords in earnings calls. Our first hypothesis predicted
a higher incidence of analyst questions surrounding the firm’s corporate activity, when the firm engaged in M&A. We find strong
support for the hypothesis, as the Active M&A firm coefficient is positive and highly significant. Similarly, when we replace the in-
dicator variable with the count of total M&A deals entered into by the firm in the 5 years preceding the call, we find that each
additional transaction positively affects the analysts’ questioning of the firm’s corporate strategy (i.e., both p <0.0001). The difference
between M&A active and inactive firms amounts to a nearly 9 percent greater usage of corporate strategy terms by analysts.
The same pattern is also observed when we examine the executives’ use of the corporate dictionary keywords: Both the dummy
variable separating active and inactive firms, and the continuous deal count variable are positive, sizable and highly significant (i.e.,
both p <0.0001). Paralleling the interpretation offered above, M&A active firms’ executives discuss corporate strategy 7.2 percent
more than inactive firms. Thus, once again we find strong corroborating evidence in support of our predictions.
Table 3 provides the model estimation results based on the sample of M&A active firms. As before, we find support for hypotheses 1
and 2, which predict a higher use of the corporate strategy dictionary terms for M&A-active firms by both analysts and executives,
respectively. More specifically, in all cases, M&A activity (whether discretized or in continuous form) is positively associated with the
use of corporate keywords (i.e., β =0.86 and β =0.26 for analysts, and β =0.64 and β =0.20 for executives, all p <0.0001). In
economic terms, firms above the median activity level in M&A are questioned about corporate strategy 8.6 percent more compared to
the firms less engaged in acquisitions. Similarly, executives from firms above the median level in M&A discuss corporate strategy 6.4
percent more compared to less active firms. Combined, these results offer additional evidence that the exchange and diffusion of
information surrounding a firm’s corporate strategy is affected by the firm’s M&A activity levels, as predicted.
The last portion of the analysis is intended to shed light on whether the information exchange on firms’ corporate strategy that
unfolds as a function of their M&A activity is ultimately useful to outsiders. To answer this question, we estimate regressions that use
the accuracy of analysts’ predictions of firms’ earnings in the quarter following the focal earnings call as the dependent variable. The
key theoretical construct on the right-hand side of the model is the use of the keywords included in the corporate dictionary, in addition
to several controls that may also explain the accuracy of analysts’ forecasts. The results appear in Table 4.
To mirror the structure used in the previous tables, we first split the sample between M&A-active and -inactive firms, and then only
consider active firms and split them between more versus less active (across the median level of activity). We find that more analyst
questions on the firm’s corporate strategy lead to a larger error of the firm’s earnings when considering active firms (i.e., β =0.08, p =
0.0009), which translates into an increase in the earnings forecast error of 8 percent in the following quarter, consistent with our
prediction in H3. Interestingly, the error in the forecast is also magnified by the number of M&A transactions entered into by the firm,
as shown in the models. Thus, we know that M&A activity triggers more questions from analysts just as it also leads to less precision in
their earnings forecasts.
The second model of the table shows that when executives discuss their corporate strategy more, the analysts forecast error in the
following quarter is considerably smaller (i.e., β =(cid:0) 0.61, p <0.0001 and over 60 percent smaller), thereby lending support for our
prediction in H4. In this case, the proclivity by insiders to inform investors of the rationale of their corporate strategy (as defined by
M&A) improves the ability by analysts to forecast the firm’s future performance. Again, this finding holds even though M&A generally
raise the complexity of the task of predicting earnings for analysts, as also shown in the model.
The last two models in the table reveal some differences, when the sample considered is only comprised of M&A-active firms.
Namely, while the information disclosures by executives still reduces analysts’ forecast errors (i.e., β =(cid:0) 0.10, p <0.05 and 10 percent
smaller errors, on average), the questioning by analysts no longer increases the error (i.e., β =0.005, n.s.). It is plausible that unlike in
the previous case (i.e., the first model with active and inactive firms), the questioning by analysts on active firms’ corporate strategy is
not as good a proxy for how challenging their earnings forecast is going to be. This could be because the marginal benefit of the
additional information sought by analysts is smaller for active firms, or alternatively, analysts following firms that are routinely
engaged in M&A may be better equipped to interpret the information they receive and therefore their forecast error may be unaffected
by their questioning (no matter how intense). The main takeaway from the table remains that the information diffusion on firms’
corporate strategy resulting from earnings calls has a generally strong effect on the ability by analysts to forecast firm future
performance.
Robustness checks. Although we have sought to make sensible decisions in the design of our empirical tests, we have also had to
make some decisions that may play a role in the estimated coefficients. Most notably, we decided to track firms’ M&A activities for a
period of 5 years prior to the focal earnings call. It is plausible that a recency effect may be at play, such that M&A deals closer to the
call will be more likely to be on the agenda and up for discussion than older deals within the time window. In this sense, using a
relatively long tracking period – like we do – may weaken our results, because it may cause us to include firms that were active in M&A,
14 As before, we can provide the table for the sample that includes only M&A active firms upon request.
9

===== PAGE 10 =====
R. Ragozzino and J.J. Reuer L o n g R a n g e P l a n n i n g 5 7(2024)102393
Fig. 1a. A propensity score stratification and group matching (full sample, 5 percent banding SHOWN).
but only years prior to the call. However, this approach also offers the benefit of expanding the base sample of active firms, thereby
providing a more robust benchmark from which to build the matched sample.
When we change the 5-year window to 1 year, we are left with only 6,281 active firms, which are matched with 18,298 inactive
ones. As expected, the more recent nature of the M&A activity experienced by firms results in far more intense scrutiny by analysts:
Active firms were asked about corporate strategy 148 percent more than inactive firms (i.e., both p <0.0001). For their part, exec-
utives of active firms discussed their corporate strategy 123 percent more than their counterparts. Turning to the analysts’ forecast
error, we find that active firms are subject to a greater error, when they are probed on corporate strategy (i.e., 14 percent larger error
size, p <0.0001). In contrast, the forecast error is smaller when executives discuss this topic (i.e., 44 percent smaller error size, p <
0.0001). Similar findings – all consistent with our predictions and main results – were found for the comparison of highly- and lowly-
active firms.15
15 The results for the comparison of highly- and lowly-M&A active firms, along with additional ones using alternate time windows can be obtained
from the authors on requests.
10

===== PAGE 11 =====
R. Ragozzino and J.J. Reuer L o n g R a n g e P l a n n i n g 5 7(2024)102393
Fig. 1b. B propensity score stratification and group matching (active firms sample, 5 percent banding SHOWN).
Table 1
Descriptive statistics and correlation table for FULL matched SAMPLEa.
Variable Mean SD 1 2 3 4 5 6
1. Total corporate words Analysts 1.82 2.29
2. Total corporate words Executives 9.67 8.49 0.52
3. Active M&A firm 0.26 0.44 0.16 0.22
4. Firm in S&P 500 0.07 0.25 0.04 0.01 0.05
5. Firm leverage 2.26 3.13 (cid:0) 0.01 0.016 0.05 0.07
6. Firm size ($MM) 5321 11324 0.08 0.05 0.19 0.25 0.06
7. Firm profit margin (cid:0) 0.02 0.67 0.06 0.05 0.03 0.04 0.05 0.08
a N =55,928. The sample is obtained by estimating propensity scores (PS) for the likelihood of an M&A deal in the 5 years preceding the focal
earning call. We match active and inactive firms by PS (i.e., within 0.10 of each other), as well as by quarter, industry and whether they belong in the
S&P 500 index. Pearson correlations are shown for continuous variables and Spearman for dichotomous variables. All correlation coefficients are
statistically significant at p <0.001.
11

===== PAGE 12 =====
R. Ragozzino and J.J. Reuer L o n g R a n g e P l a n n i n g 5 7(2024)102393
Table 2
Tobit estimation results for matched SAMPLE (ACTIVE VS. Inactive FIRMS)a.
Analysts’ Questions Executives’ Commentary
Controls only Active vs. inactive firms Total M&A deals Controls only Active vs. inactive firms Total M&A deals
Intercept (cid:0) 8.1831 (cid:0) 7.7631 (cid:0) 7.5701 (cid:0) 0.6624 (cid:0) 0.4958 (cid:0) 0.2959
1.2446 1.2282 1.2307 0.4970 0.4879 0.4870
<0.0001 <0.0001 <0.0001 0.1826 0.3095 0.5435
Active M&A firm 0.8785 0.7183
0.0324 0.0157
<0.0001 <0.0001
Total M&A deals 0.2838 0.2412
0.0103 0.0050
<0.0001 <0.0001
Firm in the S&P 500 index (cid:0) 0.3183 (cid:0) 0.2873 (cid:0) 0.3075 (cid:0) 0.2502 (cid:0) 0.2281 (cid:0) 0.2423
0.0601 0.0596 0.0596 0.0293 0.0288 0.0287
<0.0001 <0.0001 <0.0001 <0.0001 <0.0001 <0.0001
Firm leverageb (cid:0) 0.6207 (cid:0) 0.6273 (cid:0) 0.6230 (cid:0) 0.1276 (cid:0) 0.1303 (cid:0) 0.1284
0.0718 0.0713 0.0713 0.0347 0.0341 0.0340
<0.0001 <0.0001 <0.0001 0.0002 0.0001 0.0002
Firm market capitalizationb 0.2194 0.1659 0.1611 0.0138 (cid:0) 0.0290 (cid:0) 0.0337
0.0103 0.0104 0.0104 0.0049 0.0049 0.0049
<0.0001 <0.0001 <0.0001 0.0049 <0.0001 <0.0001
Firm profit marginb 2.9852 2.9039 2.8730 0.9397 0.9258 0.8881
0.4015 0.3962 0.3970 0.1595 0.1566 0.1563
<0.0001 <0.0001 <0.0001 <0.0001 <0.0001 <0.0001
Industry fixed effects Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
Sigma 3.1863 3.1625 3.1608 1.6268 1.5965 0.2294
0.0129 0.0128 0.0128 0.0050 0.0049 0.0049
<0.0001 <0.0001 <0.0001 <0.0001 <0.0001 <0.0001
χ2 1242 1974 1998 1720 3788 3962
<0.0001 <0.0001 <0.0001 <0.0001 <0.0001 <0.0001
a N =55,928. The sample is obtained by matching firms active in M&A with inactive firms, using propensity score and nearest-neighbor matching
techniques. The models are estimated using Tobit regressions. The dependent variables in the models above represent the count of words contained in
our corporate dictionary divided by the count of total spoken words. Together, these variables account for analysts’ and executives’ engagement in the
firms’ corporate strategy. Standard errors and p-values appear below each parameter estimate.
b These variables were logged to remedy skewness.
Another potential issue is the fact that our longitudinal sample includes the years surrounding the financial crisis, which may have
created uncertainty such as to influence the content of earnings calls. An examination of the year fixed effects in our model estimations
reveals that the years 2007–2009 were negatively associated with the coverage of corporate strategy by both analysts and executives (i.
e., all models p <0.001). Interestingly, analysts appeared to ask more questions during this period (31 vs. 24 questions, specifically),
although fewer questions were in fact about corporate strategy (p <0.001). We suspect that this is a direct result of the fact that
analysts focused more on questions pertaining to the financial and operational effects of the crisis than other topics. Likewise, ex-
ecutives also covered corporate strategy topics less, partly because they were not challenged with specific questions, presumably. What
is somewhat surprising is that the lower coverage of corporate strategy did not stem from lower levels of M&A activity by the firms
issuing the calls, as the average number of transactions leading up to the call was slightly higher in the financial crisis years, than after
those years (i.e., 0.65 vs. 0.61 deals).
Independent of the above, when we reran the models excluding the financial crisis period, none of the theoretical variables in the
models shown in Tables 2 and 3 were affected, as they all kept their signs and significance levels (i.e., all p <0.0001). Similarly, the
models shown in Table 4, which relate the difference between forecast and actual earnings in the quarter following the firm’s focal
earnings call, yield similar inferences for our final hypothesis. Specifically, a higher level of corporate strategy questioning by analysts
in a given earnings call is associated with an increase in the forecast error of 7.0 percent for all firms (p <0.0001), and of 3.2 percent
for active firms (n.s.) in the following quarter. For their part, executives’ more extensive use of corporate strategy words meets with a
58.4 (7.2) percent decrease in forecast error for all (active) firms (p <0.0001 and p =0.024, respectively). Thus, at least insofar as the
relationships we are exploring, the financial crisis does not seem to play an important role in shaping the mechanisms connecting
firms’ M&A activity and information disclosure in earnings calls.
The next set of tests is aimed at the plausible concern that whenever executives discuss corporate strategy in earnings calls, they
may do so either because they were directly asked about the topic, or they covered corporate strategy topics spontaneously. If the
former scenario was the prevailing one, there might be legitimate concerns surrounding the independence of the choice of covering this
topic by executives. However, just because an analyst may raise a question on corporate strategy, it does not follow that the executive
will choose to cover the topic extensively, if at all. The concerns tied to opportunistic incentives and the competitive implications of
“spilling the beans” on corporate strategy apply, and executives are certainly afforded discretion with respect to how they answer
questions. Even still, we wished to dig into the empirical aspect of this question and went back to the data, in order to determine how
often coverage of corporate strategy by an executive directly followed a question on the topic by an analyst. To answer this question,
12

===== PAGE 13 =====
R. Ragozzino and J.J. Reuer L o n g R a n g e P l a n n i n g 5 7(2024)102393
Table 3
Tobit estimation results for matched SAMPLE (ACTIVE FIRMS only)a.
Analysts’ Questions Executives’ Commentary
Controls only Above/below median Total M&Adeals Controls only Above/below median Total M&A deals
Intercept (cid:0) 3.8200 (cid:0) 2.9792 (cid:0) 3.2777 (cid:0) 3.8608 (cid:0) 3.3131 (cid:0) 3.5112
2.1169 2.1052 2.1060 1.0748 1.0633 1.0631
0.0711 0.1570 0.1196 0.0003 0.0018 0.0010
Active M&A firm 0.8590 0.6401
0.0584 0.0299
<0.0001 <0.0001
Total M&A deals 0.2588 0.1953
0.0176 0.0091
<0.0001 <0.0001
Firm in the S&P 500 index (cid:0) 0.4126 (cid:0) 0.2817 (cid:0) 0.3205 (cid:0) 0.0817 0.0113 (cid:0) 0.0159
0.0972 0.0971 0.0969 0.0497 0.0493 0.0493
<0.0001 0.0037 0.0009 0.1000 0.8188 0.7476
Firm leverageb (cid:0) 1.3219 (cid:0) 1.2679 (cid:0) 1.2591 0.3851 0.4210 0.4276
0.1457 0.1450 0.1450 0.0741 0.0733 0.0733
<0.0001 <.0001 <0.0001 <0.0001 <0.0001 <0.0001
Firm market capitalizationb 0.1332 0.0352 0.0511 (cid:0) 0.0943 (cid:0) 0.1653 (cid:0) 0.1541
0.0188 0.0198 0.0195 0.0095 0.0100 0.0098
<0.0001 0.0754 0.0088 <0.0001 <0.0001 <0.0001
Firm profit marginb 2.5810 2.3991 2.3954 1.9411 1.8309 1.8195
0.6796 0.6757 0.6761 0.3451 0.3414 0.3414
0.0003 0.0004 0.0004 <0.0001 <0.0001 <0.0001
Industry fixed effects Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
Sigma 3.4121 3.3938 3.3932 1.8178 1.7981 1.7979
0.0214 0.0212 0.0212 0.0090 0.0089 0.0089
<0.0001 <0.0001 <0.0001 <0.0001 <0.0001 <0.0001
χ2 568 784 784 952 1406 1408
<0.0001 <0.0001 <0.0001 <0.0001 <0.0001 <0.0001
a N =20,990. The sample includes only firms with at least one M&A deal. We match firms at or above the median M&A activity level with firms
below the median by propensity score and nearest-neighbor matching techniques. The models are estimated using Tobit regressions. The dependent
variables in the models above represent the count of words contained in our corporate dictionary divided by the count of total spoken words.
Together, these variables account for analysts’ and executives’ engagement in the firms’ corporate strategy. Standard errors and p-values appear
below each parameter estimate.
b These variables were logged to remedy skewness.
we examined the individual intervention by call participants, rather than using the earnings call as the unit of analysis. Specifically, we
found that of the 2,038,415 executive responses, 179,385 touched on corporate strategy. Of these, 52,328 did so as a direct result of an
analyst question, while 127,057 were instances of spontaneous coverage by executives. This translates to a ratio of nearly 2.5 of the
latter to 1 of the former, and it demonstrates that executives often choose to bring up corporate strategy without a direct question about
the topic. Also interestingly, the average length of an executive response that covered corporate strategy was substantially longer if the
coverage was spontaneous than otherwise (i.e., t =14.67, p <0.0001).
Taking this supplementary analysis to the multivariate setting, and therefore returning to the individual transcript as the unit of
analysis, we adopted two alternate measures to control for whether the use of corporate dictionary words by executives was partially
explained by direct questioning by analysts. Namely, we first introduced an indicator variable Analyst leading question, which takes a
value of 1 if at least once executives were asked about corporate strategy during a given earning call, and 0 otherwise. As an alter-
native, we also introduce a continuous variable Analyst leading question amount that measures the amount of corporate strategy words
used by analysts during the call. We then re-estimated the models shown in Tables 2 and 3 below with the addition of either control. In
all 4 models examining executives, the key theoretical variables Active M&A firm and Total M&A deals remained positive and highly
consistent (i.e., all p <0.0001). It is worth noting that the two controls were also positive and significant, as predicted. In sum we can
conclude that, while being asked directly by analysts increases the incidence of the coverage of corporate strategy, the association
between M&A activity leading up to the earnings call and the amount of executive coverage of corporate strategy remains strong
independent of the presence or number of leading questions on the topic.
As a final robustness check, we considered the possibility of dropping firms operating in the financial sector, as is customarily done
in the broad strategy literature. It should be noted that we do control for industry fixed effects in the models, and that we require for
each matching and matched observation to be in the exact same industry. These steps should significantly alleviate the potential issue
of cross-industry heterogeneity in the use of the corporate strategy dictionary words. Even still, we think it is worth exploring whether
excluding such firms might produce distinct results from the ones we present in the main section of the paper. This step caused a loss of
14,044 (7,860) observations, leaving us with 41,884 (13,130) transcripts for the full (M&A active firms) sample. We find nearly
identical results for the four models estimating the executives’ and analysts’ use of the corporate dictionary for all firms, and M&A
active firms alike (i.e., for Tables 2 and 3 in the paper, all p <0.0001). Turning to the analyst forecast error, again the results are very
close to the original set, with the only difference being that a high use of the corporate strategy dictionary by executives of highly active
13

===== PAGE 14 =====
R. Ragozzino and J.J. Reuer L o n g R a n g e P l a n n i n g 5 7(2024)102393
Table 4
Determinants of analysts’ forecast errorsa.
All firms (post initial matching) All active firms
Analysts (N =105,887) Executives (N =101,084) Analysts (N =27,302) Executives (N =25,855)
Intercept 9.6287 122.1657 7.1710 22.0113
1.4007 1.6397 2.5900 4.3212
<0.0001 <0.0001 0.0056 <0.0001
Corporate dictionary intensive 0.0794 (cid:0) 0.6055 0.0045 (cid:0) 0.1016
0.0239 0.0288 0.0453 0.0492
0.0009 <0.0001 0.9213 0.0391
Transcript length (analysts)b (cid:0) 0.2365 0.1807 (cid:0) 0.2077 (cid:0) 0.1397
0.0246 0.0288 0.0422 0.0485
<0.0001 <0.0001 <0.0001 0.0039
Transcript length (executives)b 0.0229 (cid:0) 0.2726 0.0876 0.0782
0.0088 0.0104 0.0145 0.0153
0.0093 <0.0001 <0.0001 <0.0001
Total M&A deals 0.0311 0.0437 0.0292 0.0605
0.0087 0.0107 0.0125 0.0143
0.0004 <0.0001 0.0199 <0.0001
Firm in the S&P 500 index (cid:0) 0.0281 0.4673 0.2601 0.4486
0.0526 0.0733 0.0920 0.1137
0.5936 <0.0001 0.0047 <0.0001
Number of analysts (cid:0) 0.0349 0.0177 (cid:0) 0.0186 (cid:0) 0.0236
0.0022 0.0029 0.0042 0.0047
<0.0001 <0.0001 <0.0001 <0.0001
Firm leveragec (cid:0) 0.5572 (cid:0) 1.9878 (cid:0) 0.0267 (cid:0) 0.2839
0.0526 0.0587 0.1091 0.1111
<0.0001 <0.0001 0.8064 0.0106
Firm market capitalizationc 0.0440 (cid:0) 0.3017 (cid:0) 0.1354 (cid:0) 0.1477
0.0103 0.0132 0.0196 0.0214
<0.0001 <0.0001 <0.0001 <0.0001
Firm profit marginc (cid:0) 2.3799 (cid:0) 36.6869 (cid:0) 1.8225 (cid:0) 6.3735
0.4526 0.5319 0.8343 1.3985
<0.0001 <0.0001 0.0289 <0.0001
Industry fixed effects Yes Yes Yes Yes
Model F 171.66 741.53 21.46 21.02
<0.0001 <0.0001 <0.0001 <0.0001
a All samples are obtained by matching firms with a high use of corporate dictionary (i.e., at or above the median) with firms with a low use of the
same (i.e., below the median), using propensity score and nearest-neighbor matching techniques. The models are estimated using OLS regressions.
The dependent variables in the models above represent the absolute difference between the median of the analysts’ forecast of firms’ earnings and
their actual earnings in the quarter following the focal earnings call, divided by the median of the analyst’ forecast. Standard errors and p-values
appear below each parameter estimate.
b The parameter estimates and corresponding standard errors are multiplied by 1,000 for legibility purposes.
c These variables were logged to remedy skewness.
firms (as compared to lowly active ones, as per the last column of Table 4) is still associated with a decrease in the magnitude of the
earnings forecast error, but this value falls just short of reaching statistical significance at conventional levels (i.e., p =0.109).
7. Discussion
7.1. Contributions
We advance applied information economics research by considering capital market participants and the information asymmetries
that they and company executives contend with in M&A. Unlike in other market contexts in which the theory has been deployed (e.g.,
used cars, hiring, etc.), M&A transactions not only involve buyers and sellers, but they also give rise to information asymmetry between
buyers and capital market participants. The latter provide buyers with financial resources and have a vested interest in these trans-
actions. However, capital market participants also face adverse selection, unless full information is given to them by company ex-
ecutives entering into M&A transactions. A wealth of studies has examined the implications of information asymmetry between buyers
and sellers in M&A, and by considering the implications of information asymmetries for acquiring firms and capital market partici-
pants that have been neglected in previous research, we conclude that previous research has understated the implications of infor-
mation frictions in M&A markets.
Our empirical analysis considers whether corporate communication in earnings calls reflects a firm’s M&A activity. We also
examine whether information disclosure reduces the effects of adverse selection otherwise borne by capital market participants. We
build a corporate strategy dictionary and text-analyze the contents of millions of questions and answers in over 80,000 conference
calls. We implement propensity-score matching algorithms to mitigate concerns surrounding sample selection and endogeneity,
thereby isolating the implications of M&A activity for information disclosures to capital markets. The upshot of these analyses is that
14

===== PAGE 15 =====
R. Ragozzino and J.J. Reuer L o n g R a n g e P l a n n i n g 5 7(2024)102393
we find strong empirical support for our predictions. Specifically, both analysts and company executives discuss a firm’s corporate
strategy more when the firm is involved in M&A activity in the period of time leading up to the call. In addition, the more M&A
transactions the firm has engaged in, the more the firm’s corporate strategy becomes the subject of discussion during the call.
Interestingly, executives often discuss corporate strategy even when not prompted to do so by analysts, yet we see far less focus on
corporate strategy topics during the financial crisis. Lastly, the accuracy of analysts’ earnings forecasts decreases with aggressive
questioning of the firm’s corporate strategy by analysts, and it increases with time devoted by executives to explaining the firm’s
corporate strategy.
7.2. Research implications and future research
There are a number of implications and interesting follow-on research opportunities brought forth by this study. At the broadest
theoretical level, information economics in strategy has become a central theoretical framework used to explain firms’ corporate
strategy agendas across a broad spectrum of corporate activities, such as mergers and acquisitions, but also strategic alliances, joint
ventures, corporate venture capital, licensing, etc. While our focus is on M&A, there are clear opportunities to explore whether the
complexity of firms’ corporate strategy portfolios involving different transactions affect the quantity and quality of information flows
from executives to capital market participants. This sort of investigation promises to be fruitful because the pursuit of competitive
advantage through corporate strategy can be highly heterogeneous across firms.
Without a doubt, a great deal of research has gone into whether and how these diverse pursuits allow firms to outperform their
peers, by creating market power, superior access to resources and markets, preemption of entry, etc. However, we know little about the
relationship between the complexity of a firm’s corporate strategy and the adverse selection problem affecting its stakeholders, where
this problem is known to create a direct and consequential impact on the firm’s ability to raise capital and compete in the first place.
This paper lays preliminary foundations for this line of research, but future work along the lines we draw would be highly informative
and beneficial to the advancement of knowledge in this area. For instance, future research might examine other types of corporate
deals besides M&A (e.g., foreign direct investment, technology partnerships, etc.). It would also be valuable to extend this analysis to
explore firms based in other countries subject to different information intermediaries and institutions that can shape both their
corporate strategies and ability to obtain financial and other resources in factor markets (e.g., Ahuja and Yayavaram, 2011). We also
think it would be interesting to examine equity market responses to previously announced M&A transactions leading up to the earnings
calls, as well as the method of payment used to execute these deals, in order to determine whether such factors may trigger differential
questioning on the topic of corporate strategy.
Remaining within the confines of M&A research, there are several promising avenues that deserve attention. First, while we
distinguish firms based on whether or not they engage in M&A and based on how much they engage in M&A, there are opportunities to
consider the qualitative characteristics of different M&A transactions. It is well known that M&A transactions are far from homoge-
neous, such that some deals bring together firms from like industries, markets, corporate cultures, etc., while others involve diver-
sification into new products, geographies and corporate cultures, instead. Our objective in this project was to begin to establish a
connection between M&A activity and corporate communication, but a more nuanced examination of the relationship into the micro-
features of M&A activity and their effects on information disclosures and adverse selection involving capital market participants would
be useful. Such work could also take up agency considerations and explicitly consider other factors affecting tradeoffs in corporate
communications (e.g., appropriation and competition concerns).
Research in such directions would inform us on the degree to which particular types of transactions impose information costs on
firms and capital markets, and they might also have consequences on other stakeholders and markets. Given our focus on shareholders
and information intermediaries in capital markets, it would also be interesting to extend our analysis to consider other stakeholders
and factor markets. For instance, research might consider how executives explain the implications of their complex M&A transactions
to suppliers, partners, potential employees, etc. The degree to which adverse selection concerns in M&A spill over to these stakeholders
would provide a more complete picture of the information costs of M&A and the degree to which adverse selection within M&A deals is
subject to externalities across stakeholder groups. Even our study might therefore be understating the consequences of these infor-
mation frictions in M&A markets.
In exploring the heterogeneity of M&A and its consequences, there are also a number of opportunities to consider how the solutions
firms use to address adverse selection on M&A may or may not affect capital market participants. To begin with, the negative effects of
information asymmetry may be reduced if a seller credibly conveys an information signal to a buyer (Spence, 1973). Research in
strategy has studied whether the presence of signals may help to lubricate corporate transactions, generally finding support for this
hypothesis. For example, prior work has shown that signals issued when firms go public facilitate their subsequent acquisitions in M&A
markets (Ragozzino and Reuer, 2007), or that prior alliances with prominent partners function certify the quality of entrepreneurial
firms, which in turn lends them needed credibility (e.g., Sorenson and Stuart, 2001; Chang, 2004; Lee et al., 2011). To our knowledge,
none of this work has examined the role of signals as a tool to reduce the effects of information asymmetry between firms and their
stakeholders while the firm is engaging in corporate transactions such as M&A. For instance, the very same signals on a target’s re-
sources and prospects that help firms come together in corporate transactions may also alleviate adverse selection concerns for
shareholders and allow for the well-functioning of capital markets, in particular. Our research has indicated that information costs
surrounding M&A might be higher than previous research has suggested, because it has not addressed the adverse selection problems
that shareholders face. By contrast, the signals that firms rely upon when carrying out M&A and other corporate transactions might
also be beneficial to exchanges in other factor markets (e.g., capital markets, markets for suppliers, etc.), which suggests that their
benefits might also be understated in previous research. For example, within the context of our research, it would be interesting to
15

===== PAGE 16 =====
R. Ragozzino and J.J. Reuer L o n g R a n g e P l a n n i n g 5 7(2024)102393
examine whether acquisitions in which signals are issued by a target firm result in less questioning of the transaction by analysts and in
more precise earnings forecasts, as well. Therefore, we suggest that the role of signals does not stop with facilitating a corporate deal,
but it potentially extends into corporate communication and the workings of capital markets. We would also note that other remedies
that a firm relies upon in alleviating adverse selection in M&A (e.g., contingent payments, contractual safeguards, etc.) might not have
such spillover effects on information intermediaries and capital markets, however.
Along similar lines, it would be interesting to examine whether pre-acquisition learning plays a role in corporate communication
and information asymmetry between companies and their stakeholders. For example, if a company decided to integrate vertically and
acquire a supplier with which it had worked for several years, then one would expect that the need to unearth information about the
value-adding properties of this acquisition would be lower than if the acquisition involved an upstream firm with no prior relationship
to the acquirer. Prior work has informed us of the strategic benefits of staging investments such as these, in order to reduce asymmetric
information between buyers and sellers (Mitchell and Singh, 1992; Balakrishnan and Koza, 1993; Mody, 1993; Hagedoorn and
Sadowski, 1999; Porrini, 2004). While such successive exchanges and sequential investment approaches might also reduce information
costs of shareholders and other stakeholders, we know nothing of whether this sort of learning-based approach to M&A yields similar
advantages when the relationship of interest is between company insiders and the firm’s shareholders and other stakeholders.
Relatedly, our findings indicate that a larger number of analysts attending a conference call tends to reduce the amount of
questioning on firms’ corporate activity. While a deep dive of the reasons for this relationship lies outside the scope of this work, a
potentially intriguing question that stems from this result is that the quality and quantity of information disclosure issued by firms may
depend on analyst attendance. If so, some firms may “get away” with less disclosure, which may then trigger different outcomes in
capital markets and in the competitive environment: On the one hand, prospective shareholders and bondholders will have less in-
formation by which to evaluate the company. On the other hand, companies will be less compelled to provide information on their
corporate strategies to competitors. Investigating the relationships between analyst attendance, information disclosure and firm
performance would be valuable in future research.
8. Conclusion
In sum, this paper offers an initial attempt to bring to the fore the problem of adverse selection in corporate strategy, not as it
pertains to the buyers and sellers directly involved in corporate deal making, but rather in the context of acquiring firms and their own
shareholders. Despite the maturity of the M&A literature and corporate strategy field more generally, the implications of M&A and
information asymmetries between firms and shareholders have been neglected. This likely reflects the greater attention given to moral
hazard concerns as well as the direct, immediate application of theoretical models from information economics that do not involve
shareholders as third parties directly in these transactions (e.g., a single buyer and seller in a transaction for a used car, insurance
contract, etc.). However, the follow-on consequences of M&A for shareholders can have important implications for firms’ abilities to
raise external resources and ultimately compete in their marketplaces. Our theory and evidence therefore suggest that prior acquisition
studies have understated the consequences of information frictions in M&A markets. Research along the lines we have suggested would
help to connect M&A studies with other current streams of strategy research (e.g., on stakeholders, analysts, information disclosures,
etc.), and we hope that our study encourages future research that better accounts for the implications of M&A for other factor markets.
Author statement
Roberto Ragozzino was the primary author of the paper, while Jeffrey Reuer was the second author. The authorship order reflects
the amount of contribution brought forth by each author.
Data availability
Data will be made available on request.
Appendix A. Supplementary data
Supplementary data to this article can be found online at https://doi.org/10.1016/j.lrp.2023.102393.
References
Affleck-Graves, J., Callahan, C.M., Chipalkatti, N., 2001. Earnings predictability, information asymmetry and market liquidity. J. Account. Res. 40 (3), 561–583.
Ahuja, G., Yayavaram, S., 2011. Explaining influence rents: the case for an institutions-based view of strategy. Organ. Sci. 22 (6), 1631–1652.
Akerlof, G.A., 1970. The market for ’lemons’: qualitative uncertainty and the market mechanism. Q. J. Econ. 84 (3), 488–500.
Angwin, D.N. (Ed.), 2007. Mergers and Acquisitions. Blackwell Publishing, Oxford.
Balakrishnan, S., Koza, M.P., 1993. Information asymmetry, adverse selection, and joint ventures. J. Econ. Behav. Organ. 20 (1), 99–117.
Barney, J.B., 1986. Strategic factor markets: expectations, luck, and business strategy. Manag. Sci. 32 (10), 1231–1241.
Benner, M.J., Zenger, T., 2016. The lemons problem in markets for strategy. Strat. Sci. 1 (2), 71–89.
Bochkay, K., Hales, J., Chava, S., 2020. Hyperbole or reality? Investor response to extreme language in earnings conference calls. Account. Rev. 95 (2), 31–60.
16

===== PAGE 17 =====
R. Ragozzino and J.J. Reuer L o n g R a n g e P l a n n i n g 5 7(2024)102393
Borochin, P., Ghosh, C., Huang, D., 2019. Target information asymmetry and takeover strategy: insights from a new perspective. Eur. Financ. Manag. 25 (1), 38–79.
Bowen, R.M., Davis, A.K., Matsumoto, D.A., 2002. Do conference calls affect analysts’ forecasts? Account. Rev. 77 (2), 285–316.
Bushee, B.J., Matsumoto, D., Miller, G.S., 2004. Managerial and investor responses to disclosure regulation: the case of reg FD and conference calls. Account. Rev. 79
(3), 617–643.
Bushee, B.J., Gow, I.D., Taylor, D.J., 2018. Linguistic complexity in firm disclosures: obfuscation or information? J. Account. Res. 56 (1), 85–121.
Cain, M.D., Denis, D.J., Denis, D.K., 2011. Earnouts: a study of financial contracting in acquisition agreements. J. Account. Econ. 51 (1–2), 151–170.
Capron, L., Shen, J.-C., 2007. Acquisitions of private vs. public firms: private information, target selection, and acquirer returns. Strat. Manag. J. 28 (9), 891–911.
Cen, L., Gilles, H., Wei, K.C.J., 2013. The role of anchoring bias in the equity market: evidence from analysts’ earnings forecasts and stock returns. J. Financ. Quant.
Anal. 48 (1), 47–76.
Chang, S.J., 2004. Venture capital financing, strategic alliances, and the initial public offerings of Internet startups. J. Bus. Ventur. 19 (5), 721–741.
Chemmanur, T.J., Fulghieri, P., 1999. A theory of the going-public decision. Rev. Financ. Stud. 12 (2), 249–279.
Chemmanur, T.J., Paeglis, I., Simonyan, K., 2009. The medium of exchange in acquisitions: does the private information of both acquirer and target matter? J. Corp.
Finance 15 (5), 523–542.
Chen, S., Matsumoto, D.A., 2006. Favorable versus unfavorable recommendations: the impact on analyst access to management-provided information. J. Account.
Res. 44 (4), 657–689.
Cheng, P., Li, L., Tong, W.H.S., 2016. Target information asymmetry and acquisition price. J. Bus. Finance Account. 43 (7/8), 976–1016.
Coller, M., Yohn, T.L., 1997. Management forecasts and information asymmetry: an examination of bid-ask spreads. J. Account. Res. 35 (2), 181–191.
Collins, W.A., Hopwood, W.S., 1980. A multivariate analysis of annual earnings forecasts generated from quarterly forecasts of financial analysts and univariate time-
series models. J. Account. Res. 18 (2), 390–406.
Cuypers, I.R.P., Cuypers, Y., Martin, X., 2017. When the target may know better: effects of experience and information asymmetries on value from mergers and
acquisitions. Strat. Manag. J. 38 (3), 609–625.
Dalton, D. R., Hitt, M. A., Certo, S. T. & Dalton, C. M. The fundamental agency problem and its mitigation. Acad. Manag. Ann., 1: 1-64..
Datar, S., Frankel, R., Wolfson, M., 2001. Earnouts: the effects of adverse selection and agency costs on acquisition techniques. J. Law Econ. Organ. 17 (1), 201–238.
Easterwood, J.C., Nutt, S.R., 1999. Inefficiency in analysts’ earnings forecasts: systematic misreaction or systematic optimism? J. Finance 54 (5), 1777–1797.
Eckbo, B.E., Giammarino, R.M., Heinkel, R.L., 1990. Asymmetric information and the medium of exchange in takeovers: theory and tests. Rev. Financ. Stud. 3 (4),
651–675.
Feldman, E.R., 2020. Corporate strategy: past, present, and future. Strateg.Manag.Rev. 1 (1), 179–206.
Fishman, M.J., 1989. Preemptive bidding and the role of the medium of exchange in acquisitions. J. Finance 44 (1), 41–57.
Fowler, K.L., Schmidt, D., 1989. Determinants of tender offer post-acquisition financial performance. Strat. Manag. J. 10 (4), 339–350.
Francis, J., Philbrick, D., 1993. Analysts’ decisions as products of a multi-task environment. J. Account. Res. 31 (2), 216–230.
Frankel, R., Johnson, M., Skinner, D.J., 1999. An empirical examination of conference calls as a voluntary disclosure medium. J. Account. Res. 37 (1), 133–150.
Gao, H., Yu, T., Cannella Jr., A.A., 2016. The use of public language in strategy: a multidisciplinary review and research agenda. J. Manag. 42 (1), 21–54.
Gavetti, G., Rivkin, J.W., 2007. On the origin of strategy: action and cognition over time. Organ. Sci. 18 (3), 420–439.
Ghemawat, P., 2005. Strategy and the Business Landscape, second ed. Prentice Hall, Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey.
Gilson, R.J., Schwartz, A., 2005. Understanding MACs: moral hazard in acquisitions. J. Law Econ. Organ. 21 (2), 330–358.
Graebner, M.E., 2009. Caveat venditor: trust asymmetries in acquisitions of entrepreneurial firms. Acad. Manag. J. 52 (3), 435–472.
Graf-Vlachy, L., Bundy, J. & Hambrick, D. C. Effects of an Advancing Tenure on CEO Cognitive Complexity. Organization Science, forthcoming..
Grewal, J., Riedl, E.J., Serafeim, G., 2019. Market reaction to mandatory nonfinancial disclosure. Manag. Sci. 65 (7), 3061–3084.
Grossman, S.J., Stiglitz, J.E., 1980. On the impossibility of informationally efficient markets. Am. Econ. Rev. 70 (3), 393–408.
Hagedoorn, J., Sadowski, B., 1999. The transition from strategic technology alliances to mergers and acquisitions: an exploratory study. J. Manag. Stud. 36 (1),
87–107.
Harris, R.D.F., Wang, P., 2013. Model-based earnings forecasts vs. financial analysts’ earnings forecasts. Br. Account. Rev. 51 (4), 424–437.
Harrison, J.S., Thurgood, G.R., Boivie, S., Pfarrer, M.D., 2019. Measuring CEO personality: developing, validating, and testing a linguistic tool. Strat. Manag. J. 40 (8),
1316–1330.
Healy, P.M., Palepu, K.G., 1993. The effect of firms’ financial disclosure strategies on stock prices. Account. Horiz. 7 (1), 1.
Healy, P.M., Palepu, K.G., 2001. Information asymmetry, corporate disclosure, and the capital markets: a review of the empirical disclosure literature. J. Account.
Econ. 31 (1–3), 405–440.
Heinrichs, A., Park, J., Soltes, E.F., 2019. Who consumes firm disclosures? Evidence from earnings conference calls. Account. Rev. 94 (3), 205–231.
Henry, E., Leone, A.J., 2005. Measuring qualitative information in capital markets research: comparison of alternative methodologies to measure disclosure tone.
Account. Rev. 91 (1), 153–178.
Higgins, M., Rodriguez, D., 2006. The outsourcing of R&D through acquisitions in the pharmaceutical industry. J. Financ. Econ. 80 (2), 351–383.
Hollander, S., Pronk, M., Roelofsen, E., 2010. Does silence speak? An empirical analysis of disclosure choices during conference calls. J. Account. Res. 48 (3),
531–563.
Humphrey-Jenner, M., Sautner, Z., Suchard, J.-A., 2017. Cross-border mergers and acquisitions: the role of private equity firms. Strat. Manag. J. 38 (8), 1688–1700.
Jensen, M.C., Meckling, W.H., 1976. Theory of the firm: managerial behavior, agency costs and ownership structure. J. Financ. Econ. 3 (4), 305–360.
Kaplan, S.N., Weisbach, M.S., 1992. The success of acquisitions: evidence from divestitures. J. Finance 47 (1), 107–138.
Kim, J.H., 2016. Market earnings expectation, measurement error in analysts’ consensus forecasts and prediction of stock returns. Account. Res. J. 31 (2), 249–266.
Kimbrough, M.D., 2005. The effect of conference calls on analyst and market underreaction to earnings announcements. Account. Rev. 80 (1), 189–219.
Kimbrough, M.D., Louis, H., 2011. Voluntary disclosure to influence investors reactions to merger announcements: an examination of conference calls. Account. Rev.
86 (2), 637–667.
King, D.R., Wang, G., Samimi, M., Cortes, A.F., 2021. A meta-analytic integration of acquisition performance prediction. J. Manag. Stud. 58 (5), 1198–1236.
Kohers, N., Ang, J., 2000. Earnouts in mergers: agreeing to disagree and agreeing to stay. J. Bus. 73 (3), 445–476.
Ko¨nig, A., Mammen, J., Luger, J., Fehn, A., Enders, A., 2018. Silver bullet or ricochet? CEOs’ use of metaphorical communication and infomediaries’ evaluations.
Acad. Manag. J. 61 (4), 1196–1230.
Lang, M.H., Lundholm, R.J., 1996. Corporate disclosure policy and analyst behavior. Account. Rev. 71 (4), 467–492.
Lee, J., 2016. Can investors detect managers’ lack of spontaneity? Adherence to predetermined scripts during earnings conference calls. Account. Rev. 91 (1),
229–250.
Lee, P.M., Pollock, T.G., Jin, K., 2011. The contingent value of venture capitalist reputation for entrepreneurial firms. Strat. Organ. 9 (1), 33–69.
Litov, L.P., Moreton, P., Zenger, T.R., 2012. Corporate strategy, analyst coverage, and the uniqueness paradox. Manag. Sci. 58 (10), 1797–1815.
Lobo, G.J., Song, M., Stanford, M.H., 2017. The effect of analyst forecasts during earnings announcements on investor responses to reported earnings. Account. Rev.
92 (3), 239–263.
Lo¨fgren, K.-G., Persson, T., Weibull, J.W., 2002. Markets with asymmetric information: the contributions of george Akerlof, michael spence and joseph Stiglitz. Scand.
J. Econ. 104 (2), 192–211.
Macias, A., Moeller, T., 2016. Target signaling with material adverse change clauses in merger agreements. J. Empir. Finance 39 (A), 69–92.
Martin, X., Shalev, R., 2017. Target firm-specific information and acquisition efficiency. Manag. Sci. 63 (3), 672–690.
Matsumoto, D., Pronk, M., Roelofsen, E., 2011. What makes conference calls useful? The information content of managers’ presentations and analysts’ discussion
sessions. Account. Rev. 86 (4), 1383–1414.
Mayew, W.J., 2008. Evidence of management discrimination among analysts during earnings conference calls. J. Account. Res. 46 (3), 627–659.
Mayew, W.J., Venkatachalam, M., 2012. The power of voice: managerial affective states and future firm performance. J. Finance 67 (1), 1–43.
17

===== PAGE 18 =====
R. Ragozzino and J.J. Reuer L o n g R a n g e P l a n n i n g 5 7(2024)102393
Mayew, W.J., Sharp, N.Y., Venkatachalam, M., 2013. Using earnings conference calls to identify analysts with superior private information. Rev. Account. Stud. 18
(2), 386–413.
McCann, B., Reuer, J.J., Lahiri, N., 2016. Agglomeration and the choice between acquisitions and alliances: an information economics perspective. Strat. Manag. J. 37
(6), 1085–1106.
Milgrom, P., Stokey, N., 1982. Information trade and common knowledge. J. Econ. Theor. 26 (1), 17–27.
Mintzberg, H., 1987. The strategy concept I: 5 ps for strategy. Calif. Manag. Rev. 30 (1), 11–24.
Mitchell, W., Singh, K., 1992. Incumbents’ use of pre-entry alliances before expansion into new technical subfields of an industry. J. Econ. Behav. Organ. 18 (3),
347–372.
Mody, A., 1993. Learning through alliances. J. Econ. Behav. Organ. 20 (2), 151–170.
Moeller, S.B., Schlingemann, F.P., Stulz, R.M., 2007. How do diversity of opinion and information asymmetry affect acquirer returns? Rev. Financ. Stud. 20 (6),
2047–2078.
Montgomery, C.A., Wernerfelt, B., 1988. Diversification, Ricardian rents, and Tobin’s q. Rand J. Econ. 19 (4), 623–632.
Myers, S.C., Majluf, N.S., 1984. Corporate financing and investment decisions when firms have information that investors do not have. J. Financ. Econ. 13 (2),
187–221.
National Investor Relations Institute (NIRI), 2014. Earnings Call Practices Survey. https://www.niri.org/.
Officer, M.S., Poulsen, A.B., Stegemoller, M., 2009. Target-firm information asymmetry and acquirer returns. Rev. Finance 13 (3), 467–493.
Pan, L., McNamara, G., Lee, J.J., Haleblian, J., Devers, C.E., 2018. Give it to us straight (most of the time): top managers’ use of concrete language and its effect on
investor reactions. Strat. Manag. J. 39 (8), 2204–2225.
Porrini, P., 2004. Can a previous alliance between an acquirer and a target affect acquisition performance? J. Manag. 30 (4), 545–562.
Rabier, M.R., 2017. Acquisition motives and the distribution of acquisition performance. Strat. Manag. J. 38 (13), 2666–2681.
Ragozzino, R., Reuer, J.J., 2007. Initial public offerings and the acquisition of entrepreneurial firms. Strat. Organ. 5 (2), 155–176.
Ravenscraft, D.J., Scherer, F.M., 1987. Life after takeover. J. Ind. Econ. 36 (2), 147–156.
Reuer, J.J., 2009. Organizational economics insights from acquisitions research. Adv. Strat. Manag. 26, 241–265.
Reuer, J.J., Ragozzino, R., 2012. The choice between joint ventures and acquisitions: insights from signaling theory. Organ. Sci. 23 (4), 1175–1190.
Riley, J.C., 2001. Silver signals: twenty-five years of screening and signaling. J. Econ. Lit. 39 (2), 432–478.
Rothschild, M., Stiglitz, J., 1976. Equilibrium in competitive insurance markets: an essay on the economics of imperfect information. Q. J. Econ. 90 (4), 629–649.
Schildt, H.A., Laamanen, T., 2006. Who buys whom: information environments and organization boundary spanning through acquisitions. Strat. Organ. 4 (2),
111–133.
Shapiro, C., Stiglitz, J., 1984. Equilibrium unemployment as a worker discipline device. Am. Econ. Rev. 74 (3), 433–444.
Shiller, R.J., 1989. Market Volatility. MIT Press, Cambridge, MA.
Shleifer, A., 1986. Do demand curves for stocks slope down? J. Finance 41 (3), 579–590.
Sorenson, O., Stuart, T.E., 2001. Syndication networks and the spatial distribution of venture capital investments. Am. J. Sociol. 106 (6), 1546–1588.
Spence, M.A., 1973. Job market signaling. Q. J. Econ. 87 (3), 355–374.
Stiglitz, J.E., 1973. Approaches to the economics of discrimination. Am. Econ. Rev. 63 (2), 287–295.
Stiglitz, J.E., Weiss, A., 1981. Credit rationing in markets with imperfect information. Am. Econ. Rev. 71 (3), 393–410.
Stiglitz, J.E., 2002. Information and the change in the paradigm in economics. Am. Econ. Rev. 92 (3), 460–501.
Vanhaverbeke, W., Duysters, G., Noorderhaven, N., 2002. External technology sourcing through alliances or acquisitions: an analysis of the application-specific
integrated circuits industry. Organ. Sci. 13 (6), 714–733.
Veldkamp, L., 2006. Media frenzies in the market for financial information. Am. Econ. Rev. 96 (3), 577–601.
Villalonga, B., McGahan, A.M., 2005. The Choice among acquisitions, alliances, and divestitures. Strat. Manag. J. 26 (13), 1183–1208.
Whittington, R., Cailluet, L., Yakis-Douglas, B., 2011. Opening strategy: evolution of a precarious profession. Br. J. Manag. 22 (3), 531–544.
Whittington, R., Yakis-Douglas, B., Ahn, K., 2016. Cheap talk? Strategy presentations as a form of chief executive officer impression management. Strat. Manag. J. 37
(12), 2413–2424.
Yakis-Douglas, B., Angwin, D., Ahn, K., Meadows, M., 2017. Opening M&A strategy to investors: predictors and outcomes of transparency during organisational
transition. Long. Range Plan. 50 (3), 411–422.
Zaheer, A., Hernandez, E., Banerjee, S., 2010. Prior alliances with targets and acquisition performance in knowledge-intensive industries. Organ. Sci. 21 (5),
1072–1091.
Zenger, T.R., Felin, T., Bigelow, L., 2011. Theories of the firm-market boundary. Acad. Manag. Ann. 5 (1), 89–133.
Dr. Ragozzino is a full Professor of Strategy and Entrepreneurship at NOVA School of Business and Economics in Lisbon, Portugal. He holds a PhD in Business Policy and
Strategy from the Max M. Fisher College of Business, Ohio State University.
Before joining NOVA he was an endowed chair professor at the University of Tennessee, in Knoxville, USA. His research is in the area of mergers and acquisitions and
strategic alliances with an emphasis on how these events apply to entrepreneurial ventures.Dr. Ragozzino has published in such journals as Journal of Management,
Journal of International Business Studies, Long Range Planning, Organization Science, Strategic Management Journal and several others.He is also a member of the
Strategic Management Society, the Academy of Management and the Academy of International Business. He is on the editorial boards of Strategic Management Journal
and Global Strategy Journal.Dr. Ragozzino has extensive experience teaching Strategy at all levels and he also routinely participates in executive programs in the United
States, Mexico and across Europe.
18