|
BOASIAKOANDKEEFE
EUROPEAN
529
FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT
1 | INTRODUCTION
Data are among a corporation's most valuable assets. Financial policies associated with data
breachesareimportant,particularlyinthewakeoftheincreaseinthefrequencyandseverityof
data breaches and the rising wave of cybersecurity regulations.1 With billions of sensitive
corporate and consumer data compromised and thousands of breaches disclosed each year,
data breaches are a growing concern for corporate boards in the United States as they face
mounting regulatorypressuretocope withcybersecurity risks.Forexample, Fuhrmans(2017)
asserts, “Cyber threats have zoomed to the top of chief executives' worry lists for fear a data
breachcouldcostthemtheirjobsandtakedowntheirbusinesses.”Moreover,thefalloutfrom
other data breaches, such as the attacks on Equifax, Home Depot, Yahoo, and Target, provide
compelling evidence that the risks to data security matter at the highest corporate levels.
Althoughcybersecurityregulationsanddatabreacheshaveattractedhugemediaattentionand
are now key boardroom issues of concern to corporate executives, they have received little
attention in the empirical finance literature.
Inthispaper,wecontributetothegrowingdebateoncybersecurityrisksandhowfirmscan
insulatethemselves,atleastpartially,fromtheadverseeffectsofdatabreachrisks.Weexplore
severalquestionsrelatedtodatabreachesandfinancialoutcomesandpolicies.Forinstance,do
lawsthatmandatethedisclosureofdatabreachesandcompelcorporationstoaccountfortheir
datainsecurityaffectcorporateliquiditymanagement?Dofirmschangetheirfinancialpolicies
to reflect changes in risk exposure due to a successful cyberattack on them? Do firms handle
the direct and indirect costs of data breaches by changing their financial policies? To address
these questions, we exploit plausibly exogenous state‐level variation in data breach disclosure
laws and subsequently disclosed data breaches.
Before2002,USfirmswerenotobligatedtodisclosedatabreaches.Duringtheperiodfrom
2002 to 2016, state‐level disclosure laws mandating firms to publicly disclose data breach
incidents were passed in almost all the US states. In 2002, California became the first state to
pass a data breach disclosure law. Since the passage of the California law, the other 49 states
passedsimilarlaws.Whilethedetailsofthedisclosurelawsvaryacrossthestates,theircentral
theme is consistent: firms should publicly disclose data breaches. Since mandatory state‐level
disclosure laws prevent firms from sweeping data breaches under the rug, the mandatory
breachdisclosurerequirementtransformsprivateinformationaboutthepracticesoffirmsinto
public information, causing firms to face higher risks and costs relating to publicly disclosed
data breaches. Even though the likelihood of experiencing a data breach could remain un-
changed,afirmmustpubliclydisclosedatabreaches,whichsignificantlyincreasesitsrisksand
costs.Thisinstitutionalbackgroundoffersauniqueavenuethroughwhichwecanexaminethe
impact of mandatory data breach laws and disclosed breaches on corporate financial policies.
Exposure to and disclosure of a data security breach create direct and indirect costs. The
disclosureof data breachescan potentially subjectfirms toregulatoryinvestigations andfines,
litigation, media scrutiny and reputation damage, customer loss, revenue decline, and in-
creasedcashflowrisksandpossiblythreatenafirm'sbottomline,aswellasshareholdervalue,
among other things. In short, mandatory data breach disclosure laws increase a firm's ex ante
risk of incurring future costs related to disclosed breaches.
1Forinstance,theEuropeanUnion'sGeneralDataProtectionRegulationwentintoeffecton25May2018.
1468036x,
2021,
3,
Downloaded
from
https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/eufm.12289
by
University
Of
Ottawa
Library,
Wiley
Online
Library
on
[08/05/2026].
See
the
Terms
and
Conditions
(https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions)
on
Wiley
Online
Library
for
rules
of
use;
OA
articles
are
governed
by
the
applicable
Creative
Commons
License