|
530
EUROPEAN
BOASIAKOANDKEEFE
FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT
A corporate policy that could be particularly sensitive to the increased risks and costs of data
breaches following the passage of a mandatory disclosure law is the decision to accumulate cash.
Prior literature underlines the relation between risk and cash holdings. Froot and Stein (1998)
model the risk management choices of firms in situations in which some risks are not perfectly
hedgeable.FrootandStein(1998)findthat,whenitisdifficulttocompletelyhedgeaparticulartype
of risk, firms resort to increasing their cash holdings. Similarly, if hedging is impossible or when
firms face high hedging transaction costs for a particular type of risk, an alternative way to
minimize risk exposure is to accumulate cash (Brav et al., 2005; Han & Qiu, 2007; Riddick &
Whited, 2009). Bates et al. (2009) highlight the importance of the precautionary motive in de-
termining corporate cash holdings. Consistent with this argument, Ucar (2019) reports that firms
located in areas with a more creative culture have higher levels of risk exposure and accumulate
more cash, consistent with the precautionary motive. Acharya et al. (2012) examine the relation-
shipbetweencashholdingsandcreditriskandfindthatriskierfirmsaccumulatemorecash.Chen
et al. (2020) exploit a unique setting in China and show that firms with lower internal control
quality are more likely to hold more cash. Additionally, Arena and Julio (2015) find that firms
facing litigation risks significantly increase their holdings of cash. Romanosky et al. (2014) em-
piricallyinvestigatetheimpactofdatabreachesonlitigationrisk,andtheoutcomesofdatabreach
litigation. They show that, between 2000 and 2011, the overall settlement rate of known federal
lawsuits due to data breaches was around 50%, and defendants even settle 30% more often when
plaintiffsallegefinanciallossfromadatabreachorwhenfacedwithaclassactiondatabreachsuit.
We hypothesize that data breach risk exposure is a significant determinant of a firm's
decisiontoaccumulatecash.Followingthemandatorydatabreachdisclosurelaws,weadvance
thatfirmscanexanteadjustcashpoliciestohelphedgeagainsttheincreasingrisksandfuture
costsrelated todata breaches. Thus,we expectthat, followingthepassage of mandatorystate‐
leveldatabreachdisclosurelaws,allelsebeingequal,afirmwithhigherexposuretoriskfrom
data breach disclosures will increase its cash holdings. Similarly, firms that are victims of
successfuldatabreachesincreasetheircashholdingsinanticipationofsettlementcostsrelated
to the disclosed data breach.
Firms can obtain insurance contracts to protect themselves from the direct costs of data
breaches.However,inpractice,cyberinsurancedoesnotcoverconsequentialdamages;hence,
it is difficult (if not impossible) to completely hedge or insure the majority of the costs asso-
ciated with a disclosed data breach incident (especially indirect or hard‐to‐quantify costs such
asreputationdamage,lossofvalueofintellectualproperty,orcustomerloss).2Importantly,no
cyber insurance contract provides complete or full coverage prevention and/or incident re-
sponse services. For instance, no cyber insurance policy provides coverage for reputational
costs, which, according to the 2018 and 2017 IBM/Ponemon Institute data breach studies,
constitutes the largest indirect per capita cost and the largest data breach cost category in the
United States. In many cases, determining and obtaining the right policies can be challenging
due to difficulties in understanding and assessing vulnerabilities to breaches. Therefore,
practitioners,advancethatanefficientwayfirmscanmanagethepotentialrisksandcostsofa
data breach is to increase cash reserves. For instance, Deloitte's 2017 risk management,
strategy,andanalysisreportarguethatthecreationofsufficientcashreservesimprovesafirm's
ability to quickly recover and survive data breaches.
2Someintangibledamagestakemonthstoemerge(varyingacrossfirms),whichmakesastandardprocessofevaluation
difficulttocreate.
1468036x,
2021,
3,
Downloaded
from
https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/eufm.12289
by
University
Of
Ottawa
Library,
Wiley
Online
Library
on
[08/05/2026].
See
the
Terms
and
Conditions
(https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions)
on
Wiley
Online
Library
for
rules
of
use;
OA
articles
are
governed
by
the
applicable
Creative
Commons
License