|
BOASIAKOANDKEEFE
EUROPEAN
531
FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT
Toidentifytheeffectofdatabreachdisclosurelawsonfirmcashholdings,weconstructtests
that exploit time‐varying exogenous changes in state‐level data breach disclosure laws. The
staggered timing of the passage of the state‐level disclosure laws plausibly provides a natural
experimentframeworktoempiricallyexplorehowtheseregulatorychangesaffectcorporatecash
policies.Similartopreviousstudies(Becketal.,2010;Francisetal.,2014),weuseadifference‐in‐
differencesapproachtoexaminehowfirmschangetheircashpoliciesinresponsetochangesin
state‐level data breachdisclosure laws. Our baselineregressionresultsindicate aneconomically
important positive relation between state‐level data breach disclosure laws and corporate cash
holdings. First, the results are robust to the exclusion of the financial crisis period, to the
exclusionoffirmsbasedinCalifornia,whichaccountfor18%ofobservationsinoursample,and
to the re‐estimation of our baseline specification in first differences.
Second,whilethestaggeredtimingofthepassageofthedisclosurelawsprovidesexogenous
changes to data security reporting and transparency, unobservable shocks coinciding with
state‐leveldatabreachdisclosurelawscouldbetheprimarycauseofchangesincashholdings.
If this is the case, then the changes in corporate cash holdings we attribute to state‐level
disclosure laws reflect mere association, rather than causality. Our strategy of using multiple
shocks helps isolate the impact of disclosure laws on cash holdings from other confounding
factors, thus mitigating omitted variable concerns. Additionally, the timing and passage of
state‐leveldisclosurelawsarebeyondthecontrolofanyindividualfirm;thatis,firmshaveno
influenceorcontrolovertheyearsin whichdisclosurelawsarepassed.Eveniftheenactment
of various state‐level data breach disclosure laws is anticipated, firms could have started
changing their financial policies before the laws' passage, which should disfavour us finding
any impact of the changes in the state‐level disclosure laws on our outcome of interest.
Nevertheless, we address this possibility by conducting placebo or falsification tests fol-
lowinganapproachsimilartothatofCornaggiaetal.(2015).Werandomlyallocatethevarious
states to the distribution of data breach disclosure law years. This preserves the correct dis-
tributionofthedisclosurelawyearsbutrandomlyassignsthestatestothedisclosurelawyears.
We expect our re‐estimated results to be weaker if unobservable shocks do not exist in our
testingframework;thatis,falselyassumeddisclosurelaweventsshouldhavenoeffectoncash
holdings.Indeed,ourrandomizeddisclosurelawestimationresultsshownoeffectoncorporate
cash holdings. The non‐result in this test discounts an omitted variable bias.
After providing robust evidence of an aggregate increase in corporate cash holdings fol-
lowingthepassageofvariousstate‐leveldatabreachdisclosurelaws,weturntotheanalysisof
actual data breaches. We first examine the association between data breaches and certain
observable firm characteristics. Our findings, suggestive and exploratory and not definitive
determinantsofdatabreaches,showthatdatabreachesaremorelikelyforlargeandoldfirms,
financially constrained firms, and high‐growth firms.
Next, we test the impact of exposure to and the disclosure of data breaches on changes in
corporate cash holdings. We find that firms increase their cash holdings in response to a data
breachincident.Totestthattheresultsarenotdrivenbydifferencesincharacteristicsbetween
breached and non‐breached firms, we follow Hainmueller and Xu (2013) and use the entropy
balancing approach, and we still find a positive relation between data breaches and corporate
cash holdings. Although we find a positive relation between data breaches and cash holdings,
onecouldarguethattheincreaseincashbalancesfollowingdisclosurelawsshouldbeusedup
by breached firms in meeting the cash outlays associated with the breach incident. However,
whilefirmsbuilduptheircashreservesaftertheenactmentofthelaws,itispossiblebreached
firmsbuildupcashbecauseofanunusuallybadbreachincident.Thus,afirm'scashneedsare
1468036x,
2021,
3,
Downloaded
from
https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/eufm.12289
by
University
Of
Ottawa
Library,
Wiley
Online
Library
on
[08/05/2026].
See
the
Terms
and
Conditions
(https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions)
on
Wiley
Online
Library
for
rules
of
use;
OA
articles
are
governed
by
the
applicable
Creative
Commons
License