|
532
EUROPEAN
BOASIAKOANDKEEFE
FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT
plausibly unanticipated when an unusually bad breach occurs, and they react by increasing
their cash holdings.We examine this possibilitybyrunning atest that relates theexpost cash
build‐up to the severity of data breaches. As a proxy for the expected costs of unusually bad
breach incidents, we use the stock market reaction to the breach announcement. Specifically,
we use an event study methodology to estimate the cumulative abnormal returns (CARs)
aroundthedatabreachannouncement.WethenranktheCARsintotercilesandestimatethree
levels of data breach severity. The results show that firms with severe breach incidents accu-
mulatemorecash,suggestingthatseverelybreachedfirmsarethosethatfacetheneedtobuild
up more cash.
Weexaminethepossibleunderlyingmechanismsthroughwhichfirmsbuildupcashafter
a data breach incident. Breached firms can potentially build up their cash balances by in-
creasing their use of external debt and equity financing. However, given that breached firms
are probably viewed as a higher credit risk by financial markets, we expect that they would
finditdifficulttoraiseexternalfinancing,and,therefore,externalfinancingactivitiesshould
decline after the disclosure of a data breach incident. Indeed, we find that both external
equity and debt financing activities decline after a data breach incident. Given the lack of
increase in external financing after a data breach incident, a test of investment as another
possible mechanism naturally follows; that is, we test whether breached firms forgo invest-
ment to build up cash after a data breach incident. We find an economically important
reductionininvestmentinbothcapitalexpenditureandacquisitionsforfirmsexposedtodata
breaches, suggesting that firms reduce their investments to accumulate cash after a data
breach incident.
Our paper makes several key contributions to the corporate finance literature. It is closely
related to a vast literature that studies corporate cash holdings (see important contributions
from Almeida et al., 2004; Arena & Julio, 2015; Bates et al., 2009; Froot & Stein, 1998; Han &
Qiu, 2007). Our finding of data breach disclosure laws and actual data breaches affecting cash
holdings is consistent with the precautionary cash holdings literature. However, the key con-
tribution of our paper is the identification afforded by the staggered state‐level laws and how
firms can insulate themselves from the adverse effects of data breaches through liquidity
management. Equally important, our paper provides evidence indicating that mandating the
disclosure of data breaches amplifies the adverse consequences associated with future data
breaches, with important implications for corporate liquidity policies. This result is consistent
withthatofChenetal.(2020),whoinvestigatehowthequalityofinternalcontrolsshapesthe
cash‐holding policies of Chinese firms.
The paper also contributes to the growing literature on data breach disclosure laws and
actual data breaches. It complements the stream of research that examines the effects of data
breach disclosure laws (Ashraf & Sunder, 2018; Romanosky et al., 2011). It also contributes to
the stream of studies that examine the negative consequences of data breaches (Garg, 2019;
Gatzlaff & McCullough, 2010; Kamiya et al., 2020; Lin et al., 2019; Mikhed & Vogan, 2018;
Rosati et al., 2017).
Thispaperalsoaddsnewevidencetothelawandfinanceliterature.Specifically,ourpaper
complements previous studies (e.g., Falato & Sim, 2014; He, 2018; Klasa et al., 2018; Qiu &
Wang, 2018) that examine the impact of regulatory changes on corporate financial policies.
While most of the explanations for corporate cash‐holding policies focus on firm‐specific fac-
tors, recent studies show that firms change their financial policies in response to regulatory
changes. For instance, He (2018) exploits reforms of state covenants‐not‐to‐compete laws to
captureexogenouschangesinbarriersfortalentcompetitionandfindsthatfirmsincreasecash
1468036x,
2021,
3,
Downloaded
from
https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/eufm.12289
by
University
Of
Ottawa
Library,
Wiley
Online
Library
on
[08/05/2026].
See
the
Terms
and
Conditions
(https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions)
on Wiley
Online
Library
for
rules
of
use;
OA
articles
are
governed
by
the applicable
Creative
Commons
License