|
BOASIAKOANDKEEFE
EUROPEAN
533
FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT
balances when the competition for talent intensifies. Falato and Sim (2014) exploit the stag-
geredstate‐levelchangesinresearchanddevelopment(R&D)taxcreditstoexaminetheimpact
of innovation on corporate cash holdings. They find that firms increase (decrease) cash
balances in response to increase (cuts) in R&D tax credits. We advance that data breaches
represent a key operational risk that financial managers need to hedge against.
The remainder of the paper is structured as follows. Section 2 provides background
information on the state‐level disclosure laws. Section 3 describes the data and methodology.
Sections 4 and 5 discuss the empirical results. Section 6 concludes the paper.
2 | BACKGROUND
2.1 | State‐level data breach disclosure laws in the United States
In the United States, the requirement to disclose data breaches is mainly governed by state
laws.Before2002,USfirmswerenotobligatedtodisclosedatabreaches.Motivatedbythedata
breachincidentattheStephenP.TealeDataCenter,whichaffectedthepersonallyidentifiable
information of all 265,000 state employees, in 2002 California became the first state in the
UnitedStatestoenactadatabreachdisclosurelaw.TheCaliforniadatabreachnotificationlaw
was the first of its kind and has since served as the model for many other state‐level dis-
closure laws.
Asof29March2018,all50USstates,theDistrictofColumbia,andtheUSterritoriesofthe
Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico, and Guam had enacted mandatory disclosure laws requiring
business and non‐business entities to disclose and notify affected parties of data security
breaches.3 Although details vary across states, the primary objective of all state‐level data
securitybreachdisclosurelawsistoobligatefirmstopubliclydisclosedatabreachesinvolving
non‐public personally identifiable information, such as Social Security numbers (Romanosky
et al., 2011). Since the reasons for the changes in the state‐level data breach disclosure laws
were unrelated to the financing policies of firms, employing these legal reforms as exogenous
shocks helps mitigate potential endogeneity concerns.
2.2 | Related literature
Ourworkcontributes tothegrowingliteratureondatabreach disclosurelawsandactual data
breaches. A number of papers study the effects of mandatory data breach disclosure laws. For
instance, Ashraf and Sunder (2018) examine the net effect of data breach disclosure laws on
shareholderrisk. They focuson explaining changesin thecost of equityfollowing thepassage
of data breach laws and find that the cost of equity is significantly impacted by data breach
laws, consistent with the idea that the increase in risk exposure prompts firms to react
proactively to reduce exposure to data breach risks. Our paper complements this study
by examining the link between mandatory data breach disclosure laws, data breaches, and
corporate cash holdings.
3SeethevariousstatedisclosurelawsfromtheNationalConferenceofStateLegislatures,athttp://www.ncsl.org/
research/telecommunications-and-information-technology/security-breach-notification-laws.aspx.
1468036x,
2021,
3,
Downloaded
from
https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/eufm.12289
by
University
Of
Ottawa
Library,
Wiley
Online
Library
on
[08/05/2026].
See
the
Terms
and
Conditions
(https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions)
on
Wiley
Online
Library
for
rules
of
use;
OA
articles
are
governed
by
the
applicable
Creative
Commons
License