|
BOASIAKOANDKEEFE
EUROPEAN
539
FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT
TABLE 2 (Continued)
Dependentvariable:Cash
Baseline Baselineexc. Stateand First‐
Baseline exc. financial year difference
Baseline w/firmFE California crisis clusteredSE estimation
(1) (2) (3) (4) (5) (6)
Statefixedeffects Yes No Yes Yes Yes Yes
Observations 56,646 56,646 47,526 48,551 56,646 47,117
Adj.R2 0.4939 0.0691 0.4658 0.5083 0.4287 0.1291
4.2 | Falsification test
Omitted variables coinciding with the timing of the passage of the state‐level disclosure laws
coulddrivethebaselineresults.Ifthisisthecase,thenthechangesincorporatecashholdings
we attribute to state‐level disclosure laws reflect mere association rather than causality.
However, the disclosure laws were enacted at different times, providing multiple exogenous
shocks, affecting the various states at different times. This enables us to overcome an obvious
challengefacingsingle‐shockstudies,wherethecoincidenceofapotentialomittedvariableand
thesingleshockcouldaffecttheeconomicoutcomesofinterest.Whilethestaggerednatureof
the enactment of the state‐level disclosure laws makes it unlikely for an omitted variable to
coincide with the disclosure laws, as explained earlier, we still address this concern by
conducting a falsification test in a manner similar to that of Cornaggia et al. (2015).
Wefollowatwo‐step process.First,foreach year,werandomlyassignfirmstothevarious
states. Next, we randomly assign the states into the distribution of years when the various
disclosure laws were passed. This helps maintain the actual distribution of years in which the
various states passed the disclosure laws; however, it disrupts the correct assignment of the
statestotheyearsinwhichthelawswerepassed.Therefore,anunobservableshockthatoccurs
at approximately the same time as the passage of the state‐level data breach disclosure laws
would still reside within the baseline testing framework and, hence, drive the cash results. In
contrast,ifnosuchunobservableshocksexist,thenweexpectthattheincorrectassignmentsof
thefirmsandstatestothedisclosurelawyearsshouldweakenourresultsforthere‐estimated
baselinespecification.Thus,thefalselyassumeddisclosurelaweventsshouldhavenoeffecton
cashholdings.Indeed,wedonotfindstatisticallysignificanteffectsofthestate‐leveldisclosure
lawsoncorporatecashholdingsfollowingtherandomassignment.AsreportedinTable3,the
coefficients on the Disclosure Law(0/1) variable in Columns (1)–(4) are all statistically non-
significantand,hence,notdifferentfromzero.Thenon‐resultsinthistestdiscountanomitted
variable bias.
4.3 | Role of financial constraints
So far, our findings support the hypothesis that firms increase their cash holdings in response
tothepassageofdatabreachdisclosurelaws.Wenowexaminetheroleoffinancialconstraints
in the effect of disclosure laws on corporate cash holdings. Specifically, following To et al.
1468036x,
2021,
3,
Downloaded
from
https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/eufm.12289
by
University
Of
Ottawa
Library,
Wiley
Online
Library
on
[08/05/2026].
See
the
Terms
and
Conditions
(https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions)
on
Wiley
Online
Library
for
rules
of
use;
OA
articles
are
governed
by
the
applicable
Creative
Commons
License