|
BOASIAKOANDKEEFE
EUROPEAN
541
FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT
(2018) and Francis et al. (2014), we sort firms into financially constrained and unconstrained
groups based on firm size, firm age, and dividend payout ratio.8 For each year, we rank the
firms over the sample period and categorize firms in the bottom terciles of the size, age, and
dividendpayoutdistributionsasfinanciallyconstrained.Notethattherankingsareperformed
onanannualbasisandthisapproachallowsfirmstomigratebetweengroupsindifferentyears.
We then create dummy variables for the three financial constraint measures. We create the
dummyvariables SmallFirms(0/1),YoungFirms(0/1),andNon‐dividendPayer(0/1),whichwe
set to one for firms in the bottom of the size, age, and dividend payout distributions, respec-
tively,andzerootherwise.Weinteractwiththevariousfinancialconstraintmeasureswiththe
Disclosure Law(0/1) dummy to examine the role of financial constraints in the effects of dis-
closurelawsonthecashpolicyoffirms.InTable4,weincludeyearandfirmfixedeffectsinall
specifications. Table 4 presents the findings for the role of financial constraints. In Columns
(1)–(3), the variable of interest is the interaction of the financial constraint measure with the
disclosure law dummy. The results in Columns (1)–(3) indicate that the positive effect of
disclosure laws on corporate cash holdings is driven by financially constrained firms.
5 | EFFECTS OF ACTUAL DATA BREACHES
Wenowturntotheanalysisofactualdatabeaches.Webeginbyfirstexaminingtheassociation
between data breaches and certain observable firm characteristics.
5.1 | Association between data breaches and observable firm
characteristics
Inthissection,weexaminethedeterminantsofdatabreaches.Sincepastresearchprovidesno
theoretical guidance regarding the determinants of data breaches, we consider the findings of
this paper to be suggestive and exploratory, and not definitive determinants of data breaches.
We report the results of the penalized maximum likelihood logistic regression in Table 5. The
dependentvariable,Breach(0/1),isadummyvariablethatequalsoneforbreachedfirmsinthe
year of the data breach, and zero otherwise. The observable firm characteristics include Firm
Size, Firm Age, Market‐to‐book, Book Leverage, Capital Expenditure, Acquisition Expenditure,
Dividend Paying Firms(0/1), R&D Expenditure, Return on Assets, and Cash.
TheresultsshowthatthecoefficientsofFirmSizeandFirmAgearepositiveandstatistically
significantatlessthanthe1%level,suggestingthatdata breachesare morelikely inlarge and
visible firms. This finding reflects the view that larger and older firms could possess greater
amounts of relevant records, data, or proprietary information that could be attractive to data
intruders. Additionally, the results show that data breaches are more likely at financially
constrained firms (captured by firm dividend‐paying status), profitable firms (measured by
their return on assets), R&D‐ intensive firms, and firms with high growth potential. As Doyle
et al. (2007) suggest, financially constrained firms might not have adequate resources (either
8Farre‐MensaandLjungqvist(2016)arguethatknownmeasuresoffinancialconstraintsdonotactuallymeasure
financialconstraints,sinceconstrainedfirmshavenotroubleraisingdebt.However,theirdefinitionofconstrainthas
beencriticizedasbeingtoolenient,since,accordingtotheirdefinition,everytimeafirmraisesdebtorequity,wecould
saytheyareunconstrained,eventhoughthesefirmscouldbepassingupmanyverypromisingprojects.
1468036x,
2021,
3,
Downloaded
from
https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/eufm.12289
by
University
Of
Ottawa
Library,
Wiley
Online
Library
on
[08/05/2026].
See
the
Terms
and
Conditions
(https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions)
on
Wiley
Online
Library
for
rules
of
use;
OA
articles
are
governed
by
the
applicable
Creative
Commons
License