|
546
EUROPEAN
BOASIAKOANDKEEFE
FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT
whichfirmsbuildupcash.Specifically,weexaminewhetherexternalfinancingandinvestment
activitiesarepossibleunderlyingmechanismsthroughwhichbreachedfirmsaccumulatecash.
5.3.1 | Data breaches and external financing
Firmsthatexperiencedatabreachescouldbuilduptheircashbalancesbyincreasingtheiruse
ofexternaldebtandequityfinancing.However,giventhatbreachedfirmsareprobablyviewed
as a higher credit risk by the financial markets and therefore face higher costs of capital, we
expect that they would find it difficult to raise external financing, and, therefore, external
financing activities should decline after the disclosure of a breach incident. To test this, we
specify the following model:
External Finance = α + βBreach(0/1) + γX + ρ + δ + ε . (3)
i,t t i,t j t i,t
FollowingDierkeretal.(2019),weusetwomeasuresofexternalfinancing:(1)ExternalEquity
Financing, estimated as the ratio of the difference between the sale of common and preferred
stocks(SSTK)andthepurchaseofcommonandpreferredstocks(PRSTKC)tototalassetsatthe
beginningoftheyear,and(2)ExternalDebtFinancing,estimatedastheratiooflong‐termdebt
issuance(DLTIS)minuslong‐termdebtreduction(DLTR)tototalassetsatthebeginningofthe
year. The term X is a vector of controls. All other variables maintain their previous defini-
i,t
tions, and robust standard errors are estimated by clustering at the firm level.
Table 7 reports the estimation results for the effects of data breaches on external fi-
nancing activities. In Columns (1) and (3), we examine the effect of data breaches on
external financing. The coefficients of Breach(0/1) for External Equity Financing and Ex-
ternal Debt Financing are –0.014 and –0.0171, respectively, both statistically significant at
the 1% level, as well as economically important. Given Breach(0/1) coefficients of –0.014
and –0.0171, respectively, for External Equity Financing and External Debt Financing, all
else being equal, a decrease in External Equity Financing by 0.014 corresponds to a 32%
decrease from mean External Equity Financing (0.0436), and a decrease in External Debt
Financing by 0.0171 corresponds to a 62% decrease from mean External Debt Financing
(0.0275). In Columns (2) and (4), we examine the impact of data breach severity on the
external financing activities of firms. Overall, the results show that external financing
declines following a data breach incident, and firms are even less likely to raise external
finance when they experience an unusually severe breach incident.
5.3.2 | Data breaches and corporate investment
Giventhelackofincreaseinexternalfinancingafteradatabreachincident,anaturalfollow‐up
mechanism that requires testing is whether breached firms forgo investment to build up cash
afteradatabreachincident.Thatis,dofirmsforgoinvestmenttoaccumulatecashafteradata
breachincident?Toexaminethispossibility,wefollowArenaandJulio(2015)andestimatethe
investment regression
Investment = α + βBreach(0/1) + γX + ρ + δ + ε , (4)
i,t t i,t j t i,t
1468036x,
2021,
3,
Downloaded
from
https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/eufm.12289
by
University
Of
Ottawa
Library,
Wiley
Online
Library
on
[08/05/2026].
See
the
Terms
and
Conditions
(https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions)
on
Wiley
Online
Library
for
rules
of
use;
OA
articles
are
governed
by
the
applicable
Creative
Commons
License